{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Adam Driver\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Adam Driver.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Adam Driver walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Adam Driver:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I\'92m so happy to be hosting the first show of 2020.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I have to say, I\'92m a little sad to say goodbye to 2019 because I\'92ve acted so much and so hard in all of these movies all year. Seriously, I was yelling, I was crying, I punched, I sang, all four emotions. And people assume I\'92m just like the characters I play. Really serious, private intimidating guy, Adam from Girls, or Kylo Ren from Space One. I\'92m not an intense guy. I\'92m actually very chill. So tonight, I\'92m just going to be myself, open up a bit and be chill. Can we get some chill music?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music playing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 No, no, no, can you play something else.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music changes]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 okay, I like that one less. Can you go back to the first one?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music changes back to the first one]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Okay, that\'92s good. You can hear that\'92s better, right? Okay. Good. Anyways, I\'92m very chill. And I\'92m just going to prove it. I\'92m just going to take my time up here, be myself and enjoy this moment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Adam Driver just looks around the hall with his hands in his pockets.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Oh, that\'92s cool. That\'92s like a subway. Is that supposed to be grand central? Grand central subway? I can\'92t take the train, I get mobbed. That\'92s really neat. I never noticed that before.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Adam Driver walks around the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Okay, now, I\'92m grooving on this music. I\'92m sorry I just didn\'92t trust you guys yet.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Okay, some facts about me. I\'92m a husband, and a father. It\'92s in that order though. I\'92ve been very clear with my son about that. He\'92s second in everything. I live in Brooklyn. I can\'92t afford Manhattan, spent all my money. People think I hate red carpet stuff, and I do. But it\'92s just cause I\'92m bad at smiling. I look like a kidnapped person trying to send a message with his eyes. Look.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [zooming into Adam Driver\'92s face]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 See? What else. [Adam Driver sits on the stage] Oh yeah, I saw \'93Little Women.\'94 Spoiler, there\'92s not a little women, there\'92s a lot of women. I\'92m doing dry January, that means you just don\'92t take a bath. It\'92s not very hard. You know, other things, I\'92m very approachable. I\'92ll just approach an audience member.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Adam Driver walks to the audience]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Here, move.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Adam Driver makes one audience move away and he sits on her chair]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Hi. [talking to a guy next to him] Hey, man. Hey, man. You look like a Star Wars fan, no offense. Here. Here\'92s a sign right here, Kylo Ren action figure, choking hazards, small parts not for small children under three. There you go. That\'92s priceless. If I find that on ebay, I\'92ll kill you. Alright, thanks for being a fan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Adam Driver walks up to the stage.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What else? I\'92m just trying to drag this out, because honestly there\'92s a sketch at the end of the show that I really don\'92t like. So I\'92m hoping if this goes long, it will just get cut. I play a woman in it, and I can\'92t tell if it\'92s transphobic or just really dated. Oh, here\'92s something. I was a marine before I was an actor. And acting is a lot like being a marine. You do one mission the way they planned, and then the sergeant says, \'93Now, just do one for fun and then make it your own.\'94 What else about me? I know! I\'92m in a movie with Scarlett Johansson. I basically kissed Colin Jost, if you think about it. Alright, they\'92re totally screwed now. We got a great show for you tonight. Halsey is here, so stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
}