{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Amy Adams\
Kate McKinnon\
Bobby Moynihan\
Taran Killam\
Sasheer Zamata\
Kenan Thompson\
Kristen Wiig\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Amy Adams.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Amy Adams walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you so much. It is so wonderful to be here hosting the SNL Christmas show. Christmas is the best time in New York. It is the best. And it has been so great having my four year old daughter here with me, and seeing it all through her eyes. And, if you have kids, you just have to go down to Time Square and meet Christmas Elmo. and if you\'92re lucky, he\'92s gonna take his head off and ask you for a cigarette.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 But, no, honestly, this is my favorite time of year and just with all of the crazy stuff going on in the world lately, I just\'96 I think we could use a little holiday cheer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [piano playing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 So,\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [singing] 
\f2\i Haul out the holly;
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Put up the tree before my spirit falls again.
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i Fill up the stocking,
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i I may be rushing things, but deck the halls again now.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kate McKinnon and Bobbly Moynihan join Amy Adams]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams, Kate McKinnon and Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  
\f2\i For we need a little Christmas
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i Right this very minute,
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kate McKinnon and Bobby Moynihan leaves. Taran Killam and Sasheer Zamata come in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams, Taran Killam and Sasheer Zamata:
\f2\i\b0 Candles in the window,
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i Carols at the spinet.
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i Yes, we need a little Christmas
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Taran Killam and Sasheer Zamata leave. Kenan Thompson comes in and throws snow over Amy Adams and himself.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Aw, thanks you guys.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[four men dressed like reindeers bring in Kristen Wiig carrying her horizontally in a line.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Oh, my god! Kristen Wiig.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:\'a0
\f0\b0 Okay, guys, I need you to set me down gently like we talked about. I need a lot of support on my back side. Yes, more support. More. Okay.\
Amy, you guys are kidding, right? I mean that\'92s all the holiday cheer you guys have? Kenan throwing a handful of fake snow at the camera?\

\f1\b Kenan Thompson:
\f0\b0  Hey, I like how I did it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kenan Thompson throws the snow again]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Kristen. I am so, so happy to see you, but isn\'92t this the second time you crashed my monologue?\

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  I\'92m not crashing. I have just showed up uninvited. Oh, Amy, okay, your song was really great but we need to get a little more energy. You know, these people are Christmased out! You gotta give them some flash, you know. Some sizzle. You gotta give them like, [giving a pose] pow! And then you gotta give them like, [giving two more poses] pow, pow. Now, you try.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  [giving poses] Pow, pow.\

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  That\'92s pretty good! There you go. Um, can someone please give me my glitter microphone?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Someone passes her the mic.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Thank you Mariah Carey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  That was Mariah Carey?\

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  Yes, but I really don\'92t wanna make this about her. This is about us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Well, I thought that this was about Christmas.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [drums rolling]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:\'a0
\f0\b0 [singing]\'a0
\f2\i Coz we need a lot of Christmas\uc0\u8232 right this very minute\u8232 the candles are on the randles\u8232 and sushi\'92s in a barrel\u8232 penguin in the oven
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Amy Adams stops Kristen Wiig]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Those are not the words.\

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  It doesn\'92t matter. It doesn\'92t matter what the words are. That\'92s my point. It\'92s how you feel. It\'92s how you make people feel. Now, get in the Christmas spirit and dance with my Christmas song.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [four men dressed like reindeers come in and start dancing. Kristen Wiig leaves and Amy Adams starts dancing with the reindeers.] [the reindeers carry Amy Adams on their shoulders.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Oh, wow! Oh, this is pretty good. [dancing] Oh, this is really good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[the reindeers leave and Kristen Wiig walks in. Kristen Wiig has a hat that looks like top of Christmas tree.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Guys, we need a little music\uc0\u8232 need a little laughter
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Amy Adams and Kristen Wiig:\'a0
\f2\i\b0 Need a little singing\uc0\u8232 riding through the rafter
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kristen Wigg is trying to do legs split.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i We need Christmas\uc0\u8232 We need Christmas
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Okay, stop! Stop! Just stop! Kristen Stop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kristen Wiig is in pain]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Just stop. I really appreciate what you\'92re doing and that you\'92re trying to help me, but Christmas isn\'92t about all of this flashy stuff. It\'92s about family and friends and being together.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[piano playing] [singing]\'a0
\f2\i We need a little Christmas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  Yeah, I want all the stuff.\

\f1\b Amy Adams:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Right this very minute.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Amy Adams removes Kristen Wiig\'92s Christmas tree hat.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  No, not my hat.\

\f1\b Amy Adams:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Candles in the window
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  My shakers.\

\f1\b Amy Adams:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Carols at the spinet.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Amy Adams points at Kristen Wiig\'92s breasts and asks to give the cutlets to her.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Come on!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  Argh!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kristen Wiig hands them over to Amy Adams]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Oh, thee are hot! These are hot!\

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  Yeah, those are hot. But, you know what? You\'92re right.\

\f1\b Amy Adams and Kristen Wiig:\'a0
\f2\i\b0 We need a little Christmas\uc0\u8232 right this very minute
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [drums rolling]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 It hasn\'92t snowed a single flurry,
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i But Santa, dear, we\'92re in a hurry;
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Come on!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kate McKinnon, Bobby Moynihan, Taran Killam, Sasheer Zamata and Kenan Thompson join them]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Everybody:
\f0\b0  So
\f2\i  climb down the chimney;
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i Put up the brightest string of lights I\'92ve ever seen.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Dancers with Christmas outfit walk in and dance] 
\f2\i Slice up the fruitcake;
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 It\'92s time we hung some tinsel on that evergreen bough.
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i For we need a little Christmas\
Right this very minute,
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i Need a little Christmas now\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [confetti drop] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Adams:
\f0\b0  Thank you. We\'92ve got a great show. One Direction is here. So, stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music playing] [cheers and applause]}