{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Amy Schumer\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Amy Schumer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Amy Schumer walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Amy Schumer:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you very, very much. Thank you. [takes a mic] Oh, my gosh. I am so happy to be here. I\'92m hosting Saturday Night Live.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This is such a dream come true. I\'92m from New York. And some of you might know me from my TV show Inside Amy Schumer or my movie Trainwreck. I have an HBO special coming out a week from tonight. And people keep asking me, they say, \'93Amy, isn\'92t it exciting time for women in Hollywood? Is it? Isn\'92t it an exciting time for women?\'94 And I\'92m like, \'93No.\'94 The girl who played me as a little girl in Trainwreck, she is 9 years old. Her name is Devin. And she came up to me and at the premiere and she said, \'93I overheard my agent tell my mom that my cheeks are too big so I don\'92t get a lot of work.\'94 But then I thought, well my cheeks made me look like you and I\'92m so grateful I have these cheeks. And so, I just kind of leaned down and I just said, \'93You know, [yelling angrily] but what does that mean, Devin? My cheeks are fine, Devin!\'94 No. I was like, crying. I was like, [sobbing] \'93You\'92re gonna work forever.\'94 But, we have to be a role model for these little girls coz who do they have? All they have literally is the Kardashians. And she doesn\'92t have a Malala poster in her room. Trust me. And is that a great message for little girls, the whole family of women who take the faces they were born with as like, a light suggestion. Is that right? No! And, we used to have Khloe. You know? Khloe was our\'92s, right? Whenever it\'92s a group of women, you identify with one of them, right? Like, with Sex and the City, you\'92d be like, \'93Oh, you know, I\'92m such a Samantha.\'94 Right? If somebody\'92s like, \'93You\'92re more like a Miranda.\'94 You\'92re allowed to be like, \'93Why don\'92t you kill yourself? Somebody name after rights.\'94 But then Khloe, she has lost half her body weight. Like, Khloe just, she lost a Kendall. And we have nothing. I want good role model. I have an 18 month old niece and we\'92ve the exact same body. And I just gave her a bath. I\'92ve never given a baby a bath before. And so, I\'92m giving her bath and I\'92m washing her hair. She kind of has like, you know babies have male pattern baldness kind of. She looks like Benjamin Franklin right now. So, I\'92m just like, washing her little hair and then it occurred to me like, \'93Oh, I have to wash her butt hole and her vagina.\'94 I hadn\'92t thought about that. It just kind of weird me out. I\'92m like, \'93You can do this Schumer.\'94 You know? So I put Jessica Alba\'92s soap on my hand. Coz, you don\'92t want to support Jessica Alba coz she\'92s too pretty but it\'92s like, awesome soap it turns out. And I washed her butt hole. I didn\'92t go nuts. I washed it as if I was washing my own butt hole if I knew I wasn\'92t hooking up with anybody. You know? Like, I got to it. Sometimes you\'92re dating a guy and you have to like\'85 you know. And then her vagina, I just\'85 like a Tinder swipe. Just like a boop! Quick!\
She\'92s got some good role models. I just met Hillary Clinton and yes, I was pretty psyched about that. [light cheers and applause] A little discouraging, your round of applause. But, I was like, \'93Oh, my god. I have to ask her a question.\'94 I had a couple of minutes with her. So I was like, \'93Do you drink?\'94 And she\'92s like, \'93Yeah, I do but it\'92s hard coz I\'92m busy.\'94 And I\'92m like, \'93Me too. I get it.\'94 And I\'92m like, \'93What do you drink?\'94 And she was like, \'93Oh, vodka and beer and wine.\'94 And I\'92m like, \'93What about tequila?\'94 And she\'92s like, \'93Ah, I don\'92t really like tequila. I only drink it when my friends make me.\'94 I\'92m like, \'93Make you? Who is hazing Hillary Clinton?\'94 Like a rail shot of this tequila. \'93Take this shot you bitch!\'94 Who is doing that?\
I\'92ve been meeting all these famous people. I met Bradley Cooper. I get it. Some of the girls here are like, \'93He doesn\'92t do it for me.\'94 I get it and you have a golden vagina and I celebrate you. But, he\'92s a kind of hot. Trust me when he\'92s front of you, you would just grab your ankles. You wouldn\'92t even mean to. You wouldn\'92t know what happened. You would say things you didn\'92t mean like, \'93Many holes fine.\'94 Like you would just\'96 That\'92s the kind of hot Bradley is. And so, I saw him at this event and I walked over and I was like, \'93Hey Bradley, good to see you. Sorry, I always shout your name.\'94 Coz, he has a hearing loss I think from sniping. My sister thinks its funny for me to creep up on him and be like, [yelling] \'93Bradley.\'94 She just likes it, so I do it. And so, I was like, \'93Okay, have a good night.\'94 And he is like, \'93Oh, wait. Hang up.\'94 And I was like, \'93Me?\'94 I was like, \'93Well, I\'92m trash from Long Island. Why would you\'85 I have a lower back tattoo.\'94 He\'92s like, \'93No, sit.\'94 And we keep talking and talking, and I keep giving him in and out like, \'93Alright.\'94 And he\'92s like, \'93Hang out. How\'92s your sister?\'94 I\'92m like, \'93You remember I have a sister?\'94 People were like, \'93Bradley, let\'92s get a drink.\'94 He\'92s like, \'93I\'92m talking to Amy. I\'92ll get\'96\'94 That\'92s now how we talked. But you know what I\'92m saying. Three minutes I\'92m talking to him. And then the event started and I was like, \'93Okay, see you later.\'94 And I walked away and I was like, \'93Am I dating Bradley Cooper?\'94 I don\'92t know how Hollywood works but I\'92m pretty sure that I\'92m dating Bradley Cooper. And I changed my Facebook status. Probably it\'92s not complicated. I\'92m engaged to Bradley Cooper. And I was like, \'93It is an exciting time for women in Hollywood. It really is.\'94\
Some of you may have heard, I got hacked. You definitely didn\'92t hear because they didn\'92t find anything they wanted. It was equal to someone breaking into your apartment being like, \'93No, we\'92re good. Later.\'94 And so, the security guy, he was like, \'93We can re-trace their steps and see what they\'92ve had.\'94 And was like, \'93Okay.\'94 And I knew it was a naked picture. I\'92m 34, I haven\'92t taken a naked picture of myself in a long time because under this you can\'92t really tell but it just looks like a lava lamp. Things are just kind of like, moving around, not really finding a home. So, I was like, \'93What did they look at?\'94 He\'92s like, \'93They looked at what you google. Do you wanna know what you google the most?\'94 I was like, \'93I don\'92t know. Is it me?\'94 He was like, \'93No. By far what you google the most is \'91Can I drink on these antibiotics?\'92, and \'91Do these antibiotics make my birth control worthless?'\'94 So, I\'92m trash.\
We\'92ve got a great show for you. The Weeknd is here. So, stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
}