{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ariana Grande\
Kenan Thompson\
Cecily Strong\
Pete Davidson\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Ariana Grande.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Ariana Grande walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you guys so much. I\'92m Ariana Grande and I\'92m a singer, not a Starbucks drink. I\'92m so honored and excited to be hosting and performing tonight. It\'92s been a dream of mine to be on this stage ever since I was a little girl which was two months go. I\'92ve been singing and acting since I was eight. I started my career on kids TV doing Nickelodeon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kenan walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kenan:
\f0\b0  Yes, indeed. Yes. What an amazing place to launch a career, am I right?\

\f1\b Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  That\'92s right, Kenan. We both started out doing Nickelodeon shows but of course that\'92s not the only thing people know us for anymore.\

\f1\b Kenan:
\f0\b0  Well, speak for yourself. I\'92ve been doing show for 30 damn years and people still ask me twice a week, \'93Where is Kel?\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  Classic. I loved you guys. Do you guys still stay in touch?\

\f1\b Kenan:
\f0\b0  [yelling] A little bit!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kenan walks away]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  Yeah, it can be tough growing up in show business. A lot of kid stars end up doing drugs, are in jail or pregnant, or get caught looking at doughnut they didn\'92t pay for. Which, yes, was childish and stupid. I\'92ve learned that it\'92s really time to grow up. I think I\'92m in a place where I am ready to be caught in a real adult scandal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music playing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A real scandal, you know? Something to take my career to next level. Something that says, \'93Welcome to Hollywood, kid.\'94 Miley\'92s had em, Bieber\'92s had em, everyone\'92s had em and each day I sit by my window and I dream what will my scandal be?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [singing]\'a0
\f2\i They\'92ll say, \'93She\'92s a hot mess\'94\
or \'93What a disgrace\'94\
They\'92ll say, \'93Is that botox in her butt and in her face?\'94\
That tweet about the Jews wasn\'92t really point at taste\
Oh what will my scandal be?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Maybe I\'92ll throw a fit in in LA hotel\uc0\u8232 or make life for the staff, a true living hell\u8232 I\'92ll puke in the pool, or pimp stop Adele, oh shit!\u8232 What will my scandal be?
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Cecily walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Cecily:
\f0\b0  Ariana! I was just in your dressing room smelling all your clothes and you just left your cell phone out girl. You have to be careful, you know? Someone could hack into and just post everything on the internet.\

\f1\b Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  Oh my god, that would be amazing.\

\f1\b Cecily:
\f0\b0  No, no, no.\

\f1\b Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  When I was a little girl, my mama told me that I\'92d grow up and make millions of strangers mad at me. And now it\'92s finally happening. Thank you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cecily leaves] [singing]\'a0
\f2\i Maybe diet pills with scramble my brain\
I\'92ll light up in first class and get kicked off of plane.\
Maybe I\'92ll have a love child with Drake or 2Chainz\
What will my scandal be?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Pete walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Pete:
\f0\b0  Hey, Ariana. I overheard. Do you like to smoke some pot or something?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  Pot? Let\'92s smoke some crack, man!\

\f1\b Pete:
\f0\b0  I\'92m good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Pete turns around and leaves]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ariana Grande:
\f0\b0  [singing]\'a0
\f2\i Imagine what they\'92ll say\uc0\u8232 Imagine what they\'92ll write\u8232 I could sleep in at the Super Bowl\u8232 And ruin my career overnight
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 My very own scandal\uc0\u8232 My very own scandal
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i Oh, what will my scandal be?
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We\'92ve got a great show. So, stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The End]\
}