{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Aziz Ansari\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Aziz Ansari.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Aziz Ansari walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Aziz Ansari:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow! I can\'92t believe this. I\'92m here hosting Saturday Night Live. Yeah! [in intense voice] The day after Trump\'92s inauguration. Hmm. Pretty cool to know though, he\'92s probably at home right now watching a brown guy make fun of him though, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Crazy couple of days, man! Yesterday, Trump was inaugurated. Today, an entire gender protested against him. Wow! Everyone should support that. It shows that people care. Very cool. I do think we should be careful though. You know? We can\'92t demonize everyone that voted for Trump. Some people are like, \'93Everyone that voted for Trump is a dumb racist, misogynist, homophobe\'96\'94 Alright, hold on. We are talking about 63 million people. Don\'92t judge them by their worst. I\'92m sure there are some people have different political priorities. I\'92m sure there are some people voted for him with reservations. I\'92m sure there\'92s a lot of people that voted for Trump the same way a lot of people listen to the music of Christ Brown. Where it\'92s like, \'93Hey, man. I\'92m just here for the tunes. I\'92m just here for the tunes. I don\'92t know about that other stuff. I just like the dancing and the music. I don\'92t condone the extra curriculars.\'94 If you think about it, Donald Trump is basically the Chris Brown of politics. And \'91Make America Great Again\'92 is his \'91These Hoes Ain\'92t Loyal.\'92\
So look, we\'92re divided. It\'92s okay. We have always been divided by some of the big political issues. It\'92s fine. As long as we treat each other with respect and remember that ultimately, we are all Americans, we\'92ll be fine. But the problem is\'96 [cheers and applause] The problem is there is a new group. I\'92m talking about this tiny slice of people that have gotten way too fired up about the Trump thing for the wrong reasons. I\'92m talking about these people that as soon as Trump won, they\'92re like, [acts shocked] \'93We don\'92t have to pretend like we\'92re not racist anymore. We don\'92t have to pretend anymore. We can be racist again. Whooo!\'94 Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! No! No! If you\'92re one of these people, please go back to pretending. You\'92ve got to go back to pretending. I\'92m so sorry we never thanked you for your service. We never realized how much effort you were putting into the pretending. But you\'92ve got to go back to pretending. [cheers and applause] Hey, I know it\'92s been a rough couple of years. Obama, \'91Empire\'92, \'91Hamilton.\'92 It\'92s just been hit after hit after hit. Star Wars movie is where the only white characters are storm troopers. I get it. It\'92s been rough. But you got to stop. You know who I\'94m talking about. There\'92s like this new lower case KKK movement that\'92s started. This kind of casual white supremacy. \'93oh, let me put my foot in the pool and see how cold this water really is.\'94 No! No! I\'92m talking about these people running around saying stuff like, \'93Trump won, go back to Africa.\'94 \'93Trump won, go back to Mexico.\'94 They see me. \'93Trump won, go back\'85 to where you came from.\'94 Yeah, they\'92re not usually geography buffs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Is that the plan, by the way? We\'92re all gonna move? All the minorities? 40-some percent of the country? Every minority\'92s gonna move? Beyonc\'e9\'92s gonna move? Beyonc\'e9 ain\'92t moving. I ain\'92t moving. Okay? My parents\'96 [applause] My parents moved from India to South Carolina in the early \'9280s. They didn\'92t move until nine years ago. You know where they moved? North Carolina. They love it here. They\'92re not leaving. [cheers and applause]\
Lower case KKK, man! They\'92re out there. You know? Hate crimes and stuff are on the rise. You know as far as people of my own skin tone, brown people, I think the part of the problem is a lot of these people, they just haven\'92t interacted with any brown people in normal life. They only people they see are these monsters in the news who are just a drop in the ocean. Maybe what needs to happens when they do the news report, they should do a second report about other brown people up to normal stuff to calm those people down. So, the report\'92s like, \'93The suspect is considered armed and dangerous. Not armed and dangerous, these four other Muslim people eating nachos in Chicago. Let\'92s go to a footage of them. Oh-oh! Looks like Nasir just spilled a little cheese on his khakis. Got a little overambitious with that last dip. We\'92ve all been there.\'94\
A lot of people are Islamaphobic which doesn\'92t make sense on paper. Coz, you know, like, god in Islam is the same god that was revealed to Abraham in Judaism or Christianity, same guy. But people are scared. Why? Coz any time they watch movies, TV shows and a character is Arabic where they\'92re praying or something like that, that\'92s scary ass music from \'91Homeland\'92 is underneath it. It\'92s terrifying. [mimicking the scary music while praying] And people are like, \'93Ah! What did they say?\'94 Just god is good, normal religions stuff, it\'92s okay! You wanna end Islamophobia, honestly, just change that music. Like, if the music was different, if it was just like, [mimicking theme music to \'91Benny Hill\'92 funnily while praying], people would be like, \'93Man, Islam is one whimsical religion, isn\'92t it?\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I think Trump should make a speech, a real speech denouncing the lower case KKK. Don\'92t tweet about me being lame or the show. Write a speech. A real speech coz these people are out there and it\'92s pissing a lot of people off. And I think you can make a difference coz other presidents have done things like this and it has helped. Hate crimes and stuffs went down. George Bush\'96 George W. Bush made a speech after 9/Aziz AnsariAziz Ansari. And it really helped. Things changed. This is what he said in the speech and I\'92m paraphrasing slightly. He said, \'93Islam is peace. The perpetrators of these attacks, they don\'92t represent Islam. They represent war and violence. Our enemies are not our muslim brothers and sisters. Our enemies are network of radical terrorists.\'94 And everyone applauded. Republicans, democrats, didn\'92t matter. Coz it was not about politics. It was about basic human decency and remembering why the country was founded in the first place. And I\'92m sitting there and I\'92m watching the speech. What the hell has happened? I\'92m sitting here wistfully watching old George W. Bush speeches? Just saying, \'93What a leader he was?\'94 16 years ago, I was certain this dude was a dildo. Now I\'92m sitting there like, \'93He guided us with his eloquence!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I want to leave you guys with a serious thought. I know there are a lot of people that are worried now. It\'92s a weird time. If you\'92re excited about Trump, great! He\'92s president. Let\'92s hope he does a great job. If you\'92re scared about Trump and you\'92re very worried, you\'92re going to be okay too. Coz if you look at our country\'92s history, change doesn\'92t come from presidents. Change comes from large groups of angry people. And if day one is any indication, you are part of the largest group of angry people I have ever see. [cheers and applause] Good luck to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We\'92ve got a great show tonight. Big Sean is here. So stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
}