{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Brie Larson\
Beck Bennett\
Bobby Moynihan\
Pete Davidson\
Kate McKinnon\
[Starts with SNL monologue intro.]\
[band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Brie Larson.\
[Brie Larson walks in and to the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you so very much. Hey everybody, it is so wonderful to be here. As I hope you all know tomorrow is Mother\'92s Day. So it\'92s fitting that I\'92m hosting tonight because I played a very strong mother in a movie every kid should watch with their mom on Mother\'92s Day called \'91Room\'92. Don\'92t do that. The movie is pretty intense. 10 minutes, and my own mom went to go get popcorn and just never came back. Speaking of my mom, she\'92s here tonight. [Cut to Brie\'92s mom in the audience] Happy Mother\'92s Day, mom. Are you excited for the show?\

\f1\b Brie\'92s Mom: 
\f0\b0 Yeah, I love Alicia Keys.\
[Cut to Brie Larson]\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Okay, cool.\
[Beck walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Beck:
\f0\b0  Hey Brie, sorry to interrupt. I forgot it was Mother\'92s Day tomorrow. Do you mind if I do special message for my mom?\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Oh, yeah. Of course Beck, yes.\

\f1\b Beck:
\f0\b0  Thanks. [looking at the camera and putting his arm around Brie\'92s shoulder] Hey mom, so this is the girl I\'92ve been telling you about. See? I told you she\'92s real. And a girl.\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  [removing Beck\'92s hand from her shoulder] Maybe not that.\

\f1\b Beck:
\f0\b0  Oh right, sure. And, um, happy Mother\'92s Day. I love you.\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  We\'92re not dating Beck.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Beck:
\f0\b0  Ha-ha-ha-ha. Good looks and a sense of humor. You look out there babe, I\'92ll be waiting in the dressing room. [whispering] Ask here where, oh!\
[Beck leaves]\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  For the record, miss Bennett, I am not dating your son. But since it\'92s Mother\'92s Day, if anyone else has a message for their mom, come on up.\
[Bobby walks in]\

\f1\b Bobby:
\f0\b0  Oh, I do Brie. Is that okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Sure. Go ahead, Bobby.\

\f1\b Bobby:
\f0\b0  Hey mom, do me a favor. Get the remote, go in my room and record all seasons of Vanderpump Rules. Thanks mom. Happy Mother\'92s Day. I love you.\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  You live with your mom?\

\f1\b Bobby:
\f0\b0  Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. I pay rent.\
[Bobby walks out and Pete walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Pete:
\f0\b0  Hey Brie, um, my mom\'92s watching tonight. So do you mind if I said something?\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Um, Pete, we\'92re kind of running low on time now.\
[Pete\'92s mom walks in]\

\f1\b Pete:
\f0\b0  Oh, okay. Okay mom, Brie Larson said she doesn\'92t have time for you.\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Oh-okay. Okay, Pete. I didn\'92t know that your mom was right there. Of course, hi, happy Mother\'92s Day. Say something.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Pete:
\f0\b0  Oh. Happy Mother\'92s Day, mom. I love you.\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  It\'92s so sweet that you brought you mom tonight.\

\f1\b Pete:
\f0\b0  She comes, um, every show.\
[Pete and his mom walks out]\
[Kate walks in]\

\f1\b Kate:
\f0\b0  Hey Brie, can I bring my mom up here?\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Of course.\

\f1\b Kate:
\f0\b0  Come on, ma.\
[Kate\'92s mom walks in]\

\f1\b Kate: 
\f0\b0 Brie, loved you in the movie \'91Short Term 12. She just wanted to meet you.\

\f1\b Kate\'92s mom:\'a0
\f0\b0 Well, who doesn\'92t like a good Brie?\

\f1\b Kate:
\f0\b0  She wrote that.\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  Ha-ha, yeah. [Kate and her mom leave] Oh, it\'92s my turn. Mom, can you please come up here?\
[Brie\'92s mom walks in]\
You\'92ve been so supportive to me over the years. Endless words of encouragement. And as a token of my appreciation, I got you a front row seat to the hottest show in New York.\

\f1\b Brie\'92s mom:
\f0\b0  Hamilton?\

\f1\b Brie Larson:
\f0\b0  No mom, no. This show. And we\'92ve got a great one. Alicia Keys is here. So stick around. We will be right back.\
}