{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Casey Affleck\
Alec Baldwin\
John Goodman\
Black Santa\'85 Kenan Thompson\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Casey Affleck.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Casey Affleck walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Casey Affleck:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you very much. Thank you. Wow, it\'92s great to be here hosting the show tonight. Ah! Saturday Night Live and I began the same year, 1975. We\'92re exactly the same age. And like SNL, people tend to say that I was a lot funnier back then too. I\'92m so happy they asked me to host the SNL Christmas show. But I kind of have to wonder, why me? I mean, why didn\'92t they get classic hosts like Will Ferrell or Tina Fey or Jimmy Fallon or maybe someone cool like [Alec Baldwin walks in] Bruno Mars or [John Goodman walks in] Miley Cyrus [Alec Baldwin and John Goodman turn away and walk out] or Alec Baldwin and John Goodman. [Alec Baldwin and John Goodman walk in again and stand quietly behind Casey Affleck] [cheers and applause]\
Although, that would be a little desperate, right? I mean, being in the first sketch and the monologue? A man\'92s got to have some dignity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Alec Baldwin and John Goodman look at each other and walk out again]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 But I guess it makes sense that I\'92m here tonight because I\'92m in a new movie. That\'92s called \'91Manchester by the Sea\'92. Thank you. It opened wide last night and it\'92s an incredibly depressing picture. It is. It\'92s really a downer. I mean it\'92s great. I\'92m really proud of it. Please go see it.it\'92s a beautiful testament to what we\'92ll do for our family, for how everyone deserves a second chance and also to how unbearably sad movies can be. But it\'92s also great\'85 but sad. But funny, but just crushingly sad. But it\'92s also not as sad as \'91Ocean\'92s Casey AffleckAlec Baldwin\'92, which I was also in. So, maybe give it a shot. Um, and I don\'92t know if you have noticed but I have this kind of scraggly beard and not in a Santa way but more like a \'91duck dynasty\'92 way. But I have to keep it. It\'92s for the next movie I\'92m doing which is animated [laughing] but that\'92s how committed I am to my craft.\
All that aside, the real reason I belong here tonight is that I love Christmas. I love it more than anybody else. Christmas makes me happy. It touches something inside of me. [music playing] Although I\'92m not going to sing about it. [music stops] But the holidays, they just have a way of renewing us, reminding us of what we do have and the better future we can make. At Christmas time, it feels like anything is possible. [music playing] Um, except for singing. [music stops] That\'92s not gonna happen. But other things are possible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Alec Baldwin and John Goodman walk in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Alec Baldwin:
\f0\b0  Casey, you don\'92t have to sing to be a great host.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Casey Affleck:
\f0\b0  Oh, wow, John Goodman and Alec Baldwin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You really think I don\'92t have to sing?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 John Goodman:
\f0\b0  Yeah. I mean, between the three of us, we have hosted SNL 31 times.\

\f1\b Alec Baldwin:
\f0\b0  We believe in you just like we believe in another special guy with a beard. You might have heard of him, Black Santa Claus.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Black Santa walks in] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Black Santa:
\f0\b0  Yo, yo, yo! I\'92m just kidding. It\'92s ho, ho, ho.\

\f1\b Alec Baldwin:
\f0\b0  Ah! You take it from here, Black Santa\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Black Santa:
\f0\b0  Oh, you got it, white Baldwin! Now, Casey, all you need to host a great show is a little Christmas magic. See?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [female voices carolling]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Casey Affleck:
\f0\b0  Oh, wow! Wow! You\'92re right. Look, it\'92s happening. Merry Christmas, Santa.\

\f1\b Black Santa:
\f0\b0  Actually, I\'92m Jewish.\

\f1\b Casey Affleck:
\f0\b0  Well, close enough. oh, we\'92ve got a great show.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Alec Baldwin laughing hard]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Chance the Rapper is here. So, stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
}