{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Chris Hemsworth\
Liam Hemsworth\
Luke Hemsworth\
Callum Hemsworth\'85 Kenan Thompson\
Cecily Strong\
Kyle Mooney\
Bobby Moynihan\
Mum\'85 Kate McKinnon\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Chris.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Chris walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chris:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. This is incredible. The last time I was on live TV was when I did Australia\'92s version of \'93Dancing With The Stars.\'94 Yep, that\'92s true. Um, but most likely, tonight will be even more embarrassing than that. Probably my biggest role that I\'92ve been implying and you would know me from is Thor. [cheers and applause] I\'92ve played Thor in four different movies. Thor 1, Thor 2, The Avengers and Gone Girl.\
Now, I\'92m not the only actor in my family. I have brothers. Two of them. Three of them, maybe. Four, I don\'92t know. But they\'92re actors as well. So, if it was okay, I thought I would bring them out and share this moment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Liam and Luke Hemsworth walk in] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I\'92m sorry. Almost forgot. I have a brother, Callum.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Callum walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Callum:
\f0\b0  Alright. Good day.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chris:
\f0\b0  Look at this. It\'92s the four Hemsworth brothers.\

\f1\b Callum:
\f0\b0  [speaking in fake Australian accent] Yeah, lot of cake up here, ladies!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Liam:
\f0\b0  Yeah, Callum\'92s actually an actor as well.\

\f1\b Callum:
\f0\b0  [speaking in fake Australian accent] Yeah, that\'92s right. I do series of instructional videos. About dinner with snakes in the workplace.\

\f1\b Luke:
\f0\b0  Why don\'92t you tell them about your big catch phrase?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Chris and Callum]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Callum:
\f0\b0  [speaking in fake Australian accent] Oh, yeah, yeah! It\'92s just one line where I go. \'93Kill it!\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to everybody]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chris:
\f0\b0  Well, here you have. You have Hemsworth boys. Anyone have any questions for us?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Cecily]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Cecily:
\f0\b0  Um, I do. What\'92s it like to be called world\'92s sexiest man?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Cut to the Hemsworth brothers]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chris:
\f0\b0  Well\'96\

\f1\b Callum:
\f0\b0  [interrupting] Well, I\'92ll tell you this one here buddies. [speaking in fake Australian accent] It\'92s just a bit weird coz I just think of myself as a normal guy. But, um, then I see myself in a mirror and I can\'92t argue with it.\

\f1\b Chris:
\f0\b0  Yeah, I wanna say this. It doesn\'92t matter what you look like. What really matters is what\'92s in here. Muscles! [looking at the audience] Yes, you sir.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Kyle]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kyle:
\f0\b0  This is a question for Callum. I noticed your accent is slightly different from the other guys. Are you sure you\'92re from Australia?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Chris and Callum]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Callum:
\f0\b0  [speaking in fake Australian accent] Me? Australia? [Callum starts mumbling stuffs]\

\f1\b Chris:
\f0\b0  Alright, you know what? Believe it or not, believe it or not, Callum, he\'92s actually adopted. He\'92s from a place in northern territory which is called Atlanta.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Callum:
\f0\b0  Yeah, it\'92s way out in the whoop-whoop.\

\f1\b Chris:
\f0\b0  Um-hmm. [looking at the audience] Next question.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Bobby]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Bobby:
\f0\b0  Hi. You all seem so genuine. How do you stay so down to earth?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to the Hemsworth brothers]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Liam:
\f0\b0  It\'92s because of our mum.\

\f1\b Luke:
\f0\b0  She raised us really, really well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chris:
\f0\b0  She did, she did. We might bring her out actually. Come on our, mum.\

\f1\b Callum:
\f0\b0  There she is.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Mum walks in clapping]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Mum:\'a0
\f0\b0 Alright, alright. There\'92s my boys. Some folks have one son. I have a leader.\

\f1\b Chris:
\f0\b0  Yeah! We just wanted to say thank you mum, for everything.\

\f1\b Mum:\'a0
\f0\b0 Well, you\'92ve always ruined my body, so it\'92s least you can do. Ha-ha.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chris:
\f0\b0  We\'92ve got a great show for you tonight. Zac Brown band is here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Stick around, and we\'92ll be right back.\
}