{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dave Chappelle\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Dave Chappelle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Dave Chappelle walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Dave Chappelle:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, guys. You know, I know it\'92s been a long time. It\'92s been a lone time. So please be patient. You know, I didn\'92t know that Donald Trump was gonna win the election. I did suspect it. Seem like Hillary was going well in the polls and yet, I know the whites. You guys aren\'92t as full surprising as it used to be. And I think I speak for all black American when I say that we are all praying for Omarosa. I don\'92t even know what she\'92s doing in the news. But America has done it. We\'92ve actually elected an internet troll as our president. The whites are furious. Never seen anything like it. I haven\'92t seen whites this mad since O.J. There\'92s a split screen with white people on both sides, [screaming] Ah!!!\
Man, I\'92m not saying I\'92m enjoying it. I\'92m just saying I have never seen this before. I watched a white riot in Portland, Oregon on television the other night. News say they did $1 million worth of damage. Every black person was watching there like, \'93Amateurs!\'94 So, I\'92m staying out of it. I\'92m just gonna be like Kaepernick and let the whites figure this out amongst themselves. Because for us, we\'92ve been here before. We\'92ve been here before. And I don\'92t even think it\'92s the most important thing we\'92re dealing with, man. Don\'92t forget all the things that are going on. Shootings, what do you think about that? All these shootings in the last year. Worse. The worst mass shootings in the history of United States. Pulse nightclub which they said ISIS did. And then turned out that wasn\'92t exactly what happened. If that is what happened then ISIS is scarier than I thought, because they have very deep cover operatives. Look, I\'92ve been going out deep for this one, I might have to get a Grindr account and bump a few guys off to throw them off the trail.\
I don\'92t think the guy was in ISIS. What happened was he pledged allegiance to ISIS before he did what he did, which is not same as being an ISIS. You know what I mean? Like, I was gonna have sex with a girl and right before I did it, I screamed out \'93Wutang.\'94 That doesn\'92t mean I\'92m in the Wutang Clan. I\'92m just shouting Wutang out.\
More shootings than I can literally count. You can\'92t even go to the god damn zoo without seeing a shooting out there. They shot a gorilla in my local zoo. And the Cincinnati police said, \'93Shooting that gorilla was a toughest decision this department ever had make.\'94 I said, \'93Well, you \'92bout to see a lot of niggas in gorilla costumes in Cincinnati.\'94\
Why do we have to say that? Why do we have to say that \'91black lives matter\'92? Now, I admit that is not the best slogan, but McDonald\'92s already took \'91you deserve a break today\'92. And I guess it\'92s kind of catchy coz everyone else is biting it. Even the police bite it. \'91Blue lives matter.\'92 Well, was you born a police? That is not a blue life. That\'92s a blue suit. If you don\'92t like it, take that suit off, find a new job, coz I\'92ma tell you right now, if I could quit being black today, I\'92d be out of the game. The next best thing, I became a rich black person. Which is harder than you think coz, you know, your life becomes gentrified. Like, Brooklyn. All your black friends start moving out and all these new white friends start moving in. You find yourself saying things to friends you grew up with that you never dreamed, you\'92d say, \'93I\'92m sorry, nigga. You can\'92t come with us. There\'92s only enough room in the balloon basket for four. Ta-ta.\'94\
Donald Trump, he did it. He is our president. And I feel bad to say that I\'92m staying at a Trump hotel right now. I don\'92t know if he\'92s going to make a good president, but he makes a swell hotel suite, I\'92ma tell you that. Housekeeping comes in in the morning and cleans my room and I just\'85 \'93Hey, good morning, housekeeping\'94, grab big handful of pussy. \'93Boss said it was okay.\'94 Sorry about that, Lorne.\
All my black friends who have money said the same thing when Trump got elected. \'93That\'92s it, bro. I\'92m out. I\'92m leaving the country. You coming with us?\'94 \'93Na, I\'92m good dawg. I\'92m gonna stay here and get this tax break and see how it works out.\'94 Coz that\'92s how it\'92s being Dave Chappelle. First time I got some money, it didn\'92t work out like that. Most unlikely thing happened ever. This black president came out of nowhere like, \'93Come on everybody, let\'92s start thinking about everyone else.\'94 [screaming] \'93Oh, nigga! I just got this money! I didn\'92t even think it was possible.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Trump went to go see Obama last week. You see that? Yeah. You see Trump\'92s face when he came out the meeting? Trump got stunned. He looked shook. Trump looked like he got shook. He probably came in there, [mimicking Donald Trump and Barack Obama] \'93Hi, how are you Mr. President? Good to see you.\'94 \'93Hello, Donald. How are you feeling?\'94 \'93Oh god! Got to tell you. This job looks like its gonna be a lot harder than I thought.\'94 \'93Really? It\'92s not that hard. I mean, at least you get to be white while you\'92re doing it.\'94 \'93I\'92m just saying, I\'92ma a little nervous.\'94 \'93Nervous? Come on, man! Relax. You haven\'92t even met the aliens yet. It\'92s gonna be alright.\'94\
I don\'92t know what he\'92s gonna do. But I know Obama did a good job. Obama did a good job. I think we\'92ll all miss him when he\'92s gone. Do you agree with this? [audience whooping] And thank god he lived to tell about it. He was the first black dude that ever heard of America\'92s secrets. I\'92m happy he lived. If someone threaten our president, that is the only time that I\'92d want him to be stereotypically black. He\'92ll be on the news like, \'93An assassination attempt was carried out today on the United States president. In the bizarre sequence of events, the president himself was armed, fired back killing four people had nothing to do with the incident. He then ripped off his shirt, screamed out \'93Chi-town\'94 for some reason.\
You know, before I go, I do wanna say one thing. This is not a joke. But I think it\'92s important that I say this. Coz they\'92re marching up in streets right now as we speak. A few weeks ago, I went to the White House for a party. It was the first time I\'92ve been there in many years. And it was very exciting. And BET had sponsored the party. So, everyone there was black. And it was beautiful. I walked through the gates. I\'92m from Washington, so I saw the bus stop. Well, the corner of the bus stop used to be where I used to catch the bus to school and dream about nights like tonight. It was really, really beautiful night. And at the end of the night, everyone went at the west wing of the White House. And there was a huge party. And everybody in there was black except for Bradley Cooper for some reason. And on the walls were pictures of all the presidents of the past. Now, I\'92m not sure if this is true, but to my knowledge, the first black person that was officially invited to the White House was Frederick Douglass. They stopped him at the gates. Abraham Lincoln had to walk out himself and escort Frederick Douglass into the White House. And it did happen again as far as I know until Franklin D. Roosevelt was president. When Roosevelt was president, he had a black guy over and got so much flat from the media that he literally said, \'93I will never have a nigger in this house again.\'94 I thought about that and I looked at that room and I saw all those black faces and Bradley, and I saw how happy everybody was. These people who had been historically disenfranchised. And it made me feel hopeful, and it made me proud to be an American, and it made me very happy about the prospects of our country. So, in that spirit, I\'92m wishing Donald Trump luck and I\'92m gonna give him a chance and we, the historically disenfranchised demand that he give us 1\'962. Thank you very much.\
We\'92ve got a great show tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, A Tribe Called Quest is in the building. Don\'92t go anywhere, we will be right back.\
}