{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Donald Trump\
Aidy Bryant\
Taran Killam\
Darrell Hammond\
Larry David\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Donald Trump walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Donald Trump:
\f0\b0  Thank you very much. It\'92s wonderful to be here. I will tell you, this is going to be something special. Many of the greats have hosted, as you know, this show. Like me, in 2004. A lot of people are saying, \'93Donald, you\'92re the most amazing guy. You\'92re brilliant, you\'92re handsome, you\'92re rich, you have everything going. The world is waiting for you to be president. So, why are you hosting Saturday Night Live? Why?\'94 And the answer is, I have really nothing better to do. People think I\'92m controversial. But the truth is, I\'92m a nice guy. I don\'92t hold grudges against anybody, like, Rosie O\'92Donnell. She said some things about me that were hurtful and untrue. I said some things about her that were mean but completely accurate. The fact is when I showed up for rehearsal, Rosie was here to support me. Come on out, Rosie.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Aidy Bryant walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Aidy Bryant:
\f0\b0  Sir, as I have told you several times, my name is Aidy Bryant and I\'92m a cast member on this show.\

\f1\b Donald Trump:
\f0\b0  Oh, boy. Isn\'92t she great?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Aidy Bryant leaves]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 She just seems like a really totally different person. Part of the reason I am here is that I know how to take a joke. They\'92ve done so much to ridicule me over the years, this show has been a disaster for me. Look at this guy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Taran Killam walks in dressed the same as Donald Trump walks in mimicking him]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Taran Killam:
\f0\b0  Great, great, great, great. Isn\'92t he doing fantastic? I gotta say that you\'92re doing a great job. In fact I think this show just got better by 2 billion percent. In fact, they just told me, other Donald, they just told me this very interesting. That now that I am here, this is actually the best monologue in SNL history. Can you believe that? Pretty great.\

\f1\b Donald Trump:
\f0\b0  Yeah. That\'92s pretty good. That\'92s pretty good. A-ya-ya. Look at this.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Darrell Hammond walks in dressed the same as Donald Trump walks in mimicking him] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Darrell Hammond:
\f0\b0  You think you\'92re this terrific person. You think you\'92re this, you think you\'92re that. Pop-pop-pop-pop. You\'92ve been very naive and quiet frankly, you\'92re fired!\

\f1\b Donald Trump:
\f0\b0  No. They\'92re great. They don\'92t have my talent, my money or specially my good looks. But you know what? They\'92re not bad. And we\'92re going to have a lot of fun tonight.\

\f1\b Male voice:\'a0
\f0\b0 You\'92re racist!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Donald Trump:
\f0\b0  Who the hell is\'96 Oh, yeah. I knew this was gonna happen. Who is that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Larry David dressed like Bernie Sanders at the back stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Larry David:
\f0\b0  Trump\'92s a racist.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Donald Trump, Taran Killam and Darrell Hammond]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Donald Trump:
\f0\b0  It\'92s Larry David. What are you doing Larry?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Larry David]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Larry David:
\f0\b0  I heard if I yelled that they\'92ll give me $5,000. I have to do it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Donald Trump, Taran Killam and Darrell Hammond]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Donald Trump:
\f0\b0  As a business man, I can fully respect that. That\'92s okay. We have got a great show tonight. Sia is here. So, stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
}