{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Drake\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Drake.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Drake walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Drake:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. It\'92s great to be back on SNL. Where\'92s Toronto at? Toronto in the house tonight? Yeah? So, as you can tell,\'a0I\'92m from Canada and I know what you\'92re thinking, but no, you can not move in with me if Trump wins. I\'92m sorry. That\'92s a no. I really am glad to be here, but you\'92ll have to excuse me if I seem a little upset. Backstage, right before I came out, my friend showed me this meme he found online and it, and it just, it really shook me. It was a picture of me dancing in my Hotline Bling video and some joker had put a caption on it that said \'93when you farted and got away with it.\'94 And if I\'92m being real, like it hurts, you know. Seems like this keeps happening to me. I dunno. It\'92s almost like all I can do is sing about it. So\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Drake gets a mic]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I\'92m ready.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [singing] 
\f2\i Drink Swiss with some old friends\
That\'92s when it happens again\
I start I hearing\'a0from a whole fam\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 that I got cloud on Instagram\uc0\u8232 trying to hide my reaction\u8232 when I read the funny caption\u8232 feels like I\'92m in a bad dream\u8232 cause I got turned into another meme, yeah.
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i I just wanna scream\uc0\u8232 that I\'92m more than a meme, that\'92s right\u8232 I just wanna scream\u8232 that I\'92m more than a meme, that\'92s right\u8232 catch me looking with those bedroom eyes\u8232 asking if you\'92re gonna finish those fries?\u8232 trying to say you really care about me\u8232 But then you put my picture on E T
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i how can I explain to my mama\uc0\u8232 when you got my beard on Obama\u8232 I do not complain, I\'92m not a whiner,\u8232 but why am I sitting on the Seinfeld diner?\u8232 I feel like I\'92m swimming up stream\u8232 against everybody\'92s memes\u8232 Why do they attack me?\u8232 And then in fact my favorite team
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i Look, I\'92m not just a picture, I have feelings too
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Like how would you feel if it happened to you?\uc0\u8232 if I came after you did a meme or hurting?\u8232 Yeah, cause your sketch got cut at the dress rehearsal? Aidy?\u8232 What if I found your moment of pain\u8232 and use the ball Mount comedy game\u8232 now you know what I mean?\u8232 I am more than a memed
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i and look, I get that my face is expressive,\uc0\u8232 but some of that means all that an aggressive,\u8232 I would just say it\'92s a little excessive\u8232 when you go make me the face of Progressive
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i and the meaning gets distorted\uc0\u8232 I can only help but feel like crying Jordan\u8232 I\'92m more than a meme
\f0\i0 \
Oh ladies and gentlemen, do I have a treat for you tonight? Rihanna is here tonight. Make some noise.\

\f2\i [Rihanna\'92s \'91Work\'92 starts playing]
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i [Drake wears a wig]
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Oh, I\'92m so excited to be here. Oh my god! Oh my god!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Yeah.
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i See Drake in a meme, meme, meme, meme, meme, meme\uc0\u8232 But I got them unseen, seen, seen, seen, seen, seen\u8232 I swear we only friend, friend, friend, friend, friends
\f0\i0 \
Alright, Rihanna is incredible. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for her, please.\

\f2\i For me it\'92s take it as a side of self esteem\uc0\u8232 feels like I\'92m the victim of the internet scheme\u8232 It\'92s just hard than it seems\u8232 You don\'92t love me for me, you just love me for memes
\f0\i0 \
Listen, we\'92ve got a great show. Drake is here as musical guest. Stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
}