{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Elizabeth Banks\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Elizabeth Banks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Elizabeth Banks walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Elizabeth Banks:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. I hope I look okay. I just came from the gym. You may know me from the Hunger Games movies where I play Effie Trinket. I think we have a couple of Trinket heads in the audience tonight.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Kyle Mooney wearing wig and make-up as Effie Trinket in the audience]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kyle:
\f0\b0  [Screaming] Yes!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Elizabeth Banks]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Elizabeth Banks:
\f0\b0  Now, most of you probably know me as an actress but I also recently caught the directing bug. That\'92s right. I directed Pitch Perfect 2. And I honestly don\'92t know what I like more. Being in front of the camera or behind it because I really see things as a director now. Like, I\'92m noticing that this shot is just a scooch tight. You\'92re kind of losing the dress. Let me ask our director. Hey Don.\

\f1\b Don:\'a0
\f0\b0 Yes, Elizabeth.\

\f1\b Elizabeth Banks:
\f0\b0  Do me a favor. Pop out a smidge.\

\f1\b Don:\'a0
\f0\b0 You got it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The camera zooms out a little bit. You can see Elizabeth Banks\'92s dress better now.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Elizabeth Banks:
\f0\b0  Perfect! Great! I might give a few more notes as we go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Don:\'a0
\f0\b0 Please don\'92t.\

\f1\b Elizabeth Banks:
\f0\b0  Oh, no. That\'92s right. It\'92s your show. It\'92s just\'85 ah! I\'92m so unbelievably excited to be up here right now. So, I\'92m gonna take this one. Cue music.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music playing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Lights to half.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Lights dim a little]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yeah, that\'92s nice. Microphone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Someone hands over a micto Elizabeth Banks]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 And cue talent.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [singing]\'a0
\f2\i First when there\'92s nothing\
but a slow blowing dream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 B camera.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Elizabeth Banks from B camera angle]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 That your fears seem to high\uc0\u8232 deep inside your mind
\f0\i0 \
Give me a close up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Elizabeth Banks from close up shot]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 All alone I have cried
\f0\i0 \
Too close!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Close up shot slowly zooms out]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 silent tears for the price
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Better.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 In a world made of steel\uc0\u8232 made of stone
\f0\i0 \
Let\'92s loose this dress and get funky!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [two helpers come in and start opening Elizabeth Banks\'92s dress.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Well I feel the music
\f0\i0 \
Cue, snow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[artificial snow stars pouring on the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 close my eyes, feel the rhythm
\f0\i0 \
Go stars!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [a sparkling star appears on the screen]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Round, take a whole of my heart
\f0\i0 \
Up to the sky cam.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Elizabeth Banks from the top Ariel-view angle]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 What a feeling
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Cue dancers!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [four white dancers join Elizabeth Banks on the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 please believe it.
\f0\i0 \
More diverse dancers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [two black dancers join them]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I can have it all\uc0\u8232 now I\'92m dancing for my love\u8232 take a pressure
\f0\i0 \
Star wipe!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 make it happen
\f0\i0 \
More star wipes!\

\f2\i pictures come alive\uc0\u8232 you can dance right through your love
\f0\i0 \
Cue, the treadmill.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Elizabeth Banks walks on the treadmill on the stage.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Now, I feel the music
\f0\i0 \
Green screen.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The screen shows as Elizabeth Banks is walking on the clouds.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 close my eyes, I am rhythm
\f0\i0 \
Downtown.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The screen shows as Elizabeth Banks is walking in a downtown street.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 in a flash, it takes whole of my heart\uc0\u8232 like this big octopus.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The screen shows an octopus behind Elizabeth Banks]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 What a feeling\uc0\u8232 please believe it
\f0\i0 \
I\'92m gonna cross, follow me camera.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Elizabeth Banks runs to the middle of the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I can have it all now\uc0\u8232 I\'92m dancing for my love
\f0\i0 \
Count in, we have a big finish.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cecily, Bobby, Taran and Sasheer come in and dance]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Take your passion
\f0\i0 \
Not Bobby. Lose Bobby.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Bobby leaves the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 make it happen
\f0\i0 \
Sasheer\'92s got a GoPro.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to shot from Sasheer\'92s GoPro. Elizabeth Banks is looking at the camera as the camera is moving.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 pictures come alive\uc0\u8232 you can dance right through your love
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Center up]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 For the feeling!
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The song ends. Taran, Cecily, Elizabeth Banks and Sasheer do the ending pose. Bobby runs in and does the ending pose too.] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Okay! I got it out of my system. We\'92ve got a great show. Disclosure is here. Stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
}