{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jim Carrey\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Jim Carrey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jim Carry walks in and to the stage. He is wearing red funky clothes and he has horns on his head.] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Jim Carrey:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. No, you might as well stop. It will never be enough. I am so excited to be here hosting the Halloween episode of Saturday Night Live.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yeah! Yes. I personally love Halloween. Everyone dresses up in crazy outfits and acts insane. It\'92s the one day of year that I actually blend in. For this Halloween, I\'92ve decided to be a bit of a hybrid. I call this \'91Helvis\'92. Now, we all know that Helvis went to heaven. That\'92s easy enough to prove. But while he was here, he did like to raise a little hell.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [people howling at the back]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 He also really loved peanut butter and banana sandwiches. But eventually, he came to an important realization.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Acting like Elvis Presley]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Man cannot live on fried peanut butter and sandwiches alone. I mean,what about dessert?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music stars playing and Jim Carrey starts singing and dancing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Well it\'92s late at night and I\'92m a hungry man\uc0\u8232 we\'92ve been howling with the beat of band\u8232 and I kind of emptied down in my soul\u8232 jelly in my belly starts to rock n\'92 roll\u8232 Is that a red finer diner by the side of the road\u8232 I got to order something out of the mode\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i Later at the house I\'92m gonna have some fun\uc0\u8232 turning up the TV with a loaded gun\u8232 Racked a bit karate and I get it right\u8232 working up my king size appetite\u8232 Is that a red thick thing to the store\u8232 I got to order what I have before,\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i When I say jump, all of my dude\uc0\u8232 I can use a power like a voodoo\u8232 before the show in Honolulu\u8232 I said to crew, when I\'92m through\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Four SNL cast members join Jim Carrey as back up singers and dancers]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\uc0\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie\u8232 I\'92ll have a pecan pie
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i Next day at 3 I\'92ma coming around\uc0\u8232 climbing off the charts but I\'92m feeling down\u8232 gonna be painting out a lot of loots\u8232 all the eating get to making me a bigger suit\u8232 smoking little dubbies hit around and talk\u8232 then my blood sugar\'92s dropping like a rock\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Other SNL cast members join Jim Carrey as back up singers and dancers]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I need a pecan pie\uc0\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [everybody on the stage are clapping while singing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I need a pecan pie\uc0\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pecan pie\u8232 I need a pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa papa wants a pecan pie
\f0\i0 \
That song made me hungry. Hey red, [Bobby Moynihan appears infront of Helvis] You\'92re gonna sit here all day with that stupid look in your face while I starve to death? Or you\'92re gonna up your ass and get me a pecan pie.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jim Carrey sings again]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I don\'92t want a cherry\uc0\u8232 No more ordinary
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Bobby Moynihan gets him a pie on a plate]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Hallelujah\uc0\u8232 Finally got a pecan pie!
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jim Carrey eats the pie and spits it out.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 That\'92s a lemon pie, man!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Bobby Moynihan:\'a0
\f0\b0 Got you! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. [Bobby Moynihan leaves] [music starts again]\

\f1\b Jim Carrey:
\f0\b0  We\'92ll be right back. Iggy Azalea is here. Helvis has left the building.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]}