{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jimmy Fallon\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Jimmy Fallon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jimmy Fallon walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Jimmy Fallon:
\f0\b0  Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. It is so great. I love you. I love you. It\'92s so great to be back here on \'91Saturday Night Live.\'92 This is where it all started for me. And I\'92m so happy to come home. Tonight is extra special because this is the first time in SNL history that we are going out live coast to coast all across the country and Canada. Tonight is bigger than a show. It\'92s a party.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [band playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Hello, Chicago. Hello, San Fransisco. We\'92re out here at New York city.\
Hello Montreal. Hello Houston, Colorado, New Hampshire.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jimmy Fallon stars dancing and walking around at the audience side]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Brooklyn!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jimmy Fallon calls the audience, and they stand and dance with him too] [singing]\'a0
\f2\i Let\'92s dance\
Put on your red shoes and dance the blues\
Let\'92s dance\
on song they\'92re playing on the radio\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Harry Styles joins]
\f2\i \
Let\'92s Sway\
from the lights of you face\
Let\'92s Sway\
sway through the crowd to an empty space\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 If you say run, I\'92ll run with you\uc0\u8232 If you say hide, we\'92ll hide
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Because my love for you\uc0\u8232 would break my heart in two\u8232 if you should fall into my arms\u8232 and tremble like a flower\'a0
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [guitar solo]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Let\'92s dance
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i put on your red shoes and dance the blues\uc0\u8232 Let\'92s sway\u8232 under the moonlight, this serious moonlight
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i If you say run, I\'92ll run with you\uc0\u8232 If you say hide, we\'92ll hide
\f0\i0 \

\f2\i Because my love for you\uc0\u8232 would break my heart in two\u8232 if you should fall into my arms\u8232 and tremble like a flower
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music stops]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We have got a great show tonight! Harry Styles is here! Stick around and we\'92ll be right back!\
}