{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 John Cena\
Santa\'85 Bobby Moynihan\
Leslie Jones\
Kenan Thompson\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, John Cena.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [John Cena walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 John Cena:
\f0\b0  Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you very much. My name if John Cena and to those of you who voted for Hillary, I\'92m a wrestler. [crowd laughs late] Yeah, well, late bloomers but that\'92s okay. Normally on TV, you see me in the ring throwing down all the other WWE superstars, and I love it. But it\'92s exciting to get away for a week and do something a little different. And now, I\'92m gonna need someone to help me sing. Get out here, New York Santa!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Bobby Moynihan in Santa outfit walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  Ho, ho, ho. I\'92m locking it.\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  The normal Santa travels by a sleigh. [Bobby Moynihan starts opening his Santa costume] But the New York\'96\

\f1\b Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  [interrupting] No! Cena! You think you can do comedy and wrestling? Well, two can play that game. Get ready to feel the pain of\'85 The Waddler.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Cut to intro video of The Waddler as a wrestler. John Cena\'92s entry music is playing.] [Cut to the SNL stage. John Cena is on stage but Bobby Moynihan is standing very far.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  Yeah!\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  How did you get over there?\

\f1\b Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  I waddled! [running towards the stage] Oh! I\'92m coming for you, Cena.\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  Okay, well you do.\

\f1\b Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  Oh, I just move real weird. [moving around John Cena\'92s behind] What are you gonna do when The Waddler\'92s coming for you, Cena? Hun?\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  [laughing] I mean, that\'92s actually really cool. Did you make that outfit?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  I did.\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  That\'92s\'96 I actually think you could be a great WWE superstar.\

\f1\b Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  Oh my god, wow. Um, thank you, John. You did not have to say that.\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  Bring it in here, man!\

\f1\b Bobby Moynihan:
\f0\b0  Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [John Cena and Bobby Moynihan hug each other. John Cena mistakenly breaks Bobby Moynihan\'92s bones while hugging.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Ah! Okay! That\'92s a rib. That\'92s a full rack of ribs right there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Bobby Moynihan walks away limping]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 John Cena:
\f0\b0  Okay. [music playing] The real New York Christmas.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Leslie Jones a the back of the audience.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Leslie Jones:
\f0\b0  [yelling] John Cena! You coming here to tell jokes on my turf? I\'92m bout to whoop your ass!\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  Wait, what\'92s your wrestling character supposed to be?\

\f1\b Leslie Jones:
\f0\b0  Wrestling character? I\'92m Leslie Jones, bitch!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to intro video of Leslie Jones as a wrestler. John Cena\'92s entry music is playing.] [Cut to SNL stage. Leslie Jones walks to John Cena]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Leslie Jones:
\f0\b0  That\'92s right and I\'92m bout to get in your\'96 Ooh! [checking out John Cena\'92s body] Damn! Ooh! You is very fine. I did not know. Ooh, I can put my whole tongue in your chin nipple deep. [takes her card out of back pocket and gives it to John Cena] Just meet me at the hotel room, John.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Leslie Jones walks away]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 John Cena:
\f0\b0  Okay guys. This isn\'92t a challenge. [Kenan Thompson is sneaking behind John Cena with a steel chair] We\'92re in it together. I actually worked really hard on this song. Seriously. I spent all week writing with a couple of nerds, so please\'96\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kenan hits John Cena with the chair. The chair breaks but John Cena doesn\'92t move at all.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kenan Thompson:
\f0\b0  Yeah! Got you, Cena!\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  Alright! Alright. [John Cena opens his coat. He is wearing sleeveless shirt.] I\'92ve been trying to be nice to you guys all you wanna do is challenge me. So, if you really want some, come get some.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to John Cena\'92s intro video as a wrestler.] [Cut to the SNL stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kenan Thompson:
\f0\b0  Oh! I made a grand error in judgement.\

\f1\b John Cena:
\f0\b0  You can\'92t see me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kenan Thompson:
\f0\b0  [scared] Oh, I\'92m done with the flower.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kenan Thompson runs away]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 John Cena:
\f0\b0  We have a great show for you tonight. Maren Morris is here. Stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
}