{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Kevin Hart.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kevin Hart walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kevin Hart:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. God, it feels good to be back. It feels so good to be back in New York. Honestly I\'92m coming back a different man than I left. I\'92m engaged now. I\'92m about to get married, people.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yes, I\'92m about to get married. I told my lady. I said, \'93Baby, we can\'92t get married till we get a new house.\'94 It\'92s not that we don\'92t like the house we hvae now. I just don\'92t like the area that we live in. I don\'92t want to live in Hollywood staying around all the Hollywood stuff. So, I moved out to the suburbs. I messed around, moved around a bunch of wild life. Okay? Here\'92s how I know that I live around stuffs that I\'92m not supposed to. When I first moved in, I walk in my dog. I got mini doberman pincher. Right? I\'92m walking my dog. While I\'92m walking my dog, out of nowhere this old lady pokes her head out the window and goes, \'93Hey, you better watch your dog. Don\'92t let them eat em\'92 like they did mine.\'94 I said, \'93Wait, what? First of all who is them? That\'92s the first thing. Second of all, where did you go?\'94 She just left. So, I started looking around area, I noticed I live around some wild animals. I have mountain lions, rattle snakes, coyotes, all types of wild spiders. Currently, I have a raccoon problem. Not raccoons. It\'92s one raccoon. This raccoon is a bitch. I don\'92t like this raccoon.\
Listen. I have glass doors at the back of my house. So, I\'92m sitting in my living room. I can see out of my living room into my backyard. A raccoon walks up to the glass doors but not like a raccoon should. He wasn\'92t on all fours. Raccoon\'92s on two feet. He\'92s walking, right? Strolling, strolling, strolling. I\'92m not lying. I\'92m not lying. He gets to the glass doors. He\'92s looking. He trying to look into house. Here\'92s what scared me. [mimicking peaking through the glass with a hand above eyes.] He put his hand on a glass and start doing this. So, I\'92m looking. I\'92m like, \'93Oh, my god! Raccoon is looking in the house.\'94 When he saw me, he started laughing. He was like, \'93Ahah! Ahah!\'94 The raccoon started jiggling a lot, right. When he saw he couldn\'92t get in, [mimicking gun shots] he pointed his fingers at me and he shot at me. He was like, \'93Bang, bang.\'94 And then he disappeared into the dark.\
I\'92m scared. I\'92m scared as hell. My lady comes home. I say, \'93Babe, we got to move. We can\'92t stay in this house. A raccoon just tried to break in. He jiggled the handle. When he saw he couldn\'92t get in, he shot at me twice. Bang, bang!\'94 My lady said, \'93Why are you lying so much? What do you get out of lying?\'94 I said, \'93Who the hell makes up a lie about a raccoon jiggling a lock and going bang, bang in the house?\'94 She said, \'93First of all Kevin, I know you lying. You know how I know you lying? Coz a raccoon can\'92t jiggle a lock or go bang, bang coz raccoon don\'92t have no thumbs.\'94 I said, \'93Well, maybe raccoon was doing this. You don\'92t need thumbs need to scare me. The bottom line is we got a thug raccoon running around outside.\'94\
I said, \'93Look, this is why I don\'92t like going outside.\'94 I said, \'93This is why I don\'92t like taking out the trash.\'94\
Understand something. For me to take out the trash in my house, I gotta walk out of driveway. I don\'92t have any lights in my driveway. It gets real dark in my driveway. The reason why I don\'92t have any lights is because I turned down the option to get lights in my driveway because I thought the contractors were trying to take advantage of me because they knew that I had money. That\'92s what I thought. To be honest with you, that\'92s what I thought. He was like, \'93Mr. Hart. It gets pretty dark in this driveway. You want to put some lights in here?\'94 I said, \'93You don\'92t think I know what you\'92re trying to do? Huh? You don\'92t think I know what you\'92re trying to do? It\'92s a driveway. You drive in, you drive out. What the hell I need lights for?\'94 I was wrong. I need lights. I can\'92t see a damn thing.\
I don\'92t like being in my driveway coz it get real dark. And I\'92m like, hearing animal noises when I can\'92t see which animal it is. Hearing stuff like this, \'93tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk\'94 or like, \'93Khrrrrrr\'94,\'a0 I don\'92t like that. Because when you get scared and you can\'92t see, you just start negotiating. Like, \'93Hey, what do we gotta do to make this right? If it\'92s money you want, money I\'92ll give you.\'94 I don\'92t know. I told my lady I\'92m not doing it anymore. I said what I\'92m gonna do is start making my son take out the trash. It\'92s time for him to become the man around this house. He\'92s seven years old. He doesn\'92t do enough.\
That\'92s beautiful thing about being a dad. You do what you want when you want. I go upstairs, I wake my son up. I say, \'93Boy, get up and get that trash out. Matter of fact, didn\'92t I tell you to get the trash out?\'94 Complete lie. I know I never told him. The beautiful thing was to see his confused look on my son\'92s face. \'93What? No. You never said that.\'94 \'93You calling me a liar? Get that ass out your bed and get the trash out.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Private schools are messing my son up. Here\'92s how I know. This is what my son said to me when he got up. \'93Alright, alright. Let me get my flops.\'94 \'93Your flops? Boy, if you don\'92t get your back white ass down these damn steps and get that trash.\'94 My son goes down stairs, grabs the trash, he goes outside. The first thing he said before he walked outside was, \'93Dad, it\'92s dark. Can you come with me?\'94 I said, \'93Absolutely not. This is your journey. It\'92s about you becoming the man, son. It\'92s not about me.\'94\
My son walks out there to take out the trash. I could tell when he got scared coz he started looking around real fast. I could tell. He puts the trash in the trash can. He starts coming back. Out of nowhere, my son takes off running. He\'92s running, right? I get scared coz I don\'92t know what my son\'92s running from. I can\'92t see what he\'92s running from. Depending on what he was running from, was going to determine if I open up the door for him when he got back to the house. I would hate for it to be something crazy because if it was I would have just put my hand on the glass and say, \'93Son, touch the glass one last time. I love you.\'94\
More importantly, that\'92s my biggest fear. My biggest fear is seeing somebody I love get attacked by animal that I can\'92t beat. My lady, she got mad at me. She goes, \'93Hey babe, so you telling me if you saw me get attacked by animal, you wouldn\'92t help me?\'94 I said, \'93Well, it depends on what it is. If it\'92s a raccoon, I\'92ll come kick the raccoon. But if it\'92s a mountain lion, you on your own.\'94 She said, \'93Are you serious? Like, you wouldn\'92t come to help me?\'94 I said, \'93I\'92m dead serious. You gotta understand I\'92m being honest with you right now.\'94 She said, \'93Well, if I saw you get attacked by a mountain lion, I would come out there and help you.\'94 I said, \'93That\'92s sweet, but I think it\'92s stupid. I don\'92t think you\'92re thinking the situation through. Here\'92s why. If you get attacked my a mountain lion, you\'92re not coming out of that attack the way did you went into it. something\'92s going to be different.\'94\
I\'92ma be honest with you all. I don\'92t want to save her because I don\'92t know if I want to be with the woman that survived the mountain lion attack. Hey, you can call me a jerk, you can think I\'92m a jackass. Let\'92s say he get her good. Let\'92s say he bite all this off, like this piece and her shoulder. I\'92ma tell you all straight up. I can\'92t be with no woman that don\'92t have no shoulder. I can\'92t! I can\'92t be with a woman that can\'92t do this. [Kevin Hart raises his both shoulders.] I can\'92t be with you. I can\'92t be with you. If you can\'92t go [Kevin Hart raises his both shoulders again] I don\'92t want to be with you. Do you knwo know how many times you use shoulders in a day? Think about it, if you don\'92t have a shoulder, you can\'92t be cold. Ain\'92t nobody gonna believe you if you shivering with one arm. \'93What\'92s wrong with you?\'94 \'93It\'92s freezing out here.\'94 \'93You lying. You only using your one arm.\'94 If we get pulled over by cops and you only got one shoulder, we going to jail. You know why? Coz ain\'92t no cop gonna believe no person with one shoulder. When he says, \'93Hey, you know why I stopped you?\'94 And you go, \'93No.\'94 [raising his one shoulder] \'93Okay, get your drunk ass out the car.\'94\
Ay! I\'92m in New York city and I\'92m excited. We got a great show for you. Sia is here, everybody. Stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
}