{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Kristen Wiig\
Steve Martin\
Will Forte\
Indian\'85 Kyle Mooney\
Paul Revere\'85 Alex Moffat\
Benjamin Franklyn\'85 Beck Bennett\
Sacagawea\'85 Melissa Villase\'f1or\
Viking\'85 Bobby Moynihan\
Columbus\'85 Kenan Thompson\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Napoleon\'85 Kate McKinnon\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Kristen Wiig.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kristen Wiig walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Wow, thank you. Thank you very much. It is so wonderful to be back here hosting SNL for the econd time. But I specially love being here right before Thanksgiving. Yuu might not know this about me, some of you might know, but I am what they call a \'91Thanksgiving freak.\'92 I am a real turkey head. So tongiht I wanted to sing for you a song my family always sings every year. Can I have my ukulele and a stool please? [She gets a ukulele and a stool] Oh, great. Here we go. Yeah. And I think we can all agree thanksgiving is the most magical Thursday of the year. And\'96 yYou know, I\'92m actually going to go with my personal guitar, is that here?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kristen Wiig gives the ukulele away and gets a rock double neck electric guitar]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 My family told me facts about thanksgiving I bet you didn\'92t even know. By the way, I should mention I was raised by wolves. Um, near wolves. You know, maybe I\'92ll go back to the first one. Go back? Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kristen Wiig gives the guitar away and gets the ukulele again]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 And can I lose the stool? Can you take that? Okay. I\'92d like to take us back to the first thanksgiving where it all began. In ancient Egypt. You konw what? I was wrong about the ukulele. I\'92m sorry. Can someone take this? [Kristen Wiig gives away the ukulele] Thank you very much.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [band playing guitar] [singing]\'a0
\f2\i The first thanksgiving was in pyramid rock\
The Indians and pilgrims said, \'93Let\'92s eat on this rock 
\f0\i0 [an Indian walks in]
\f2\i \
Paul Revere said \'93Dinner\'92s served, let\'92s all say grace.\'94 
\f0\i0 [Paul Revere walks in]
\f2\i \
Ben Franklyn brought salad, Paul slapped him in the face 
\f0\i0 [Ben Franklyn walks in with salad, and Paul Revere slaps him]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 The pilgrims charged everyone a thanksgiving fee [Sacagawea walks in] but Sacagawea used her coins and said, \'93This one\'92s on me.\'94
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f2\i\b0 Then vikings showed up on a double decker bus 
\f0\i0 [A Viking walks in]
\f2\i \uc0\u8232 they said, 
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Viking: 
\f2\i\b0 If we don\'92t eat those turkeys, they\'92re going to eat us.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [awkward silence]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  And that\'92s why we eat turkey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 It was\'85
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 All: \'85
\f2\i\b0 Thanksgiving\uc0\u8232 The first thanksgiving\u8232 they were unforgiving\u8232 in their love of stuffing
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Everyone in the stage except Kristen Wiig leaves]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i The second thanksgiving was in 1492\uc0\u8232 there were 10 kinds of meat, like they had murdered a zoo\u8232 Columbus was there, he had sailed from Korea 
\f0\i0 [Columbus walks in with Korean flag bandana on]\'a0
\f2\i \uc0\u8232 with Mina, Pinta, Santa and Maria 
\f0\i0 [They all walk in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 This I know for sure, I told this to Lorne\uc0\u8232 The second thanksgiving , aliens beamed down the corn. 
\f0\i0 [two aliens walk in with corns in their hands]
\f2\i \uc0\u8232 The Napoleon showed up, so he brought the ice cream 
\f0\i0 [Napoleon walks in with ice cream in his hand]
\f2\i \uc0\u8232 strawberry, vanilla and chocolate in between
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You see why? Coz pink, white and brown, those are the colors of the French Flag.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 All:\'a0
\f2\i\b0 And that\'92s thanksgiving
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i the real thanksgiving
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i it ain\'92t city living
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i unless you live in the city
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Everyone in the stage except Kristen Wiig leaves]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i The third thanks giving was in 1953\uc0\u8232 and people gathered
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Steve Martin: 
\f0\b0 [interrupting] Oh, Kristen. Kristen. I am so sorry.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 It\'92s not necessary. But thank you. I just\'96 I really\'96 I just needed to stop you for a second because you have not gotten one fact correct in this song. Not one. You know, and if you don\'92t get your facts correct, you\'92re just going to end up like one of those sites on the internet, what is that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  Like, fake news?\

\f1\b Steve Martin:
\f0\b0  No, I like that. But I- I just worry about your song. You\'92ve got to get the facts correct, so I\'92m a little bit worried about.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Will Forte walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Will Forte:
\f0\b0  Yeah, you know, I\'92m worried too. Less applause than Steve Martin. Gonna remember that. Kristen, I was just listening with Steve\'85 Martin, that I just say Steve, we\'92re friends. And I agree, Kristen. At least two of your facts were wrong.\

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  Guys, I know I adjusted a few facts so they would rhyme, like any true historian. But won\'92t you both please sing with me? Please?\

\f1\b Will Forte:
\f0\b0  Ah! I\'92d be happy to sing with my friend Steve here. Hit it!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[singing]\'a0
\f2\i The fourth thanks giving was in 1969\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Steve Martin:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i The turkey was high and I was high too
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i FDR was upset he spilled cranberry sauce
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Steve Martin:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i But he had the first napkin, thanks to Betsy Ross.
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i The three wisemen brought frankincense and pie
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Steve Martin:
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Hey, don\'92t say the word pie to someone who\'92s high
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Kristen Wiig:
\f0\b0  
\f2\i Wait, there\'92s something I just realized while singing this song
\f0\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\i thanksgiving never really happened, it was in our hearts all along
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b All:\'a0
\f2\i\b0 And that\'92s, thanksgiving\uc0\u8232 the real thanksgiving\u8232 the perfect history of thanks giving\u8232 so have a hippy happy hoppy thanksgiving
\f0\i0 \
We have a great show for you tonight. The XX is here. Stick around, we\'92ll be right back.\
}