{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Larry David\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Larry David.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Larry David walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Larry David:
\f0\b0  Alright. Alright. Okay. Okay. Stop. Stop. You\'92re gonna be very disappointed. That\'92s what I do. I disappoint people. Anyway, this hosting thing, come on. So stupid. I\'92m not a host. I\'92m a guest. I don\'92t host things. No one\'92s ever been to my house. If they did go, they\'92d find it extremely unpleasant. I don\'92t put out snacks with dip. I can\'92t remember the last time I had dip in my house. I have a dip-less house.\
You know, I auditioned for this show many, many years ago and I was terrible. Those were the days when I was just a poor schmuck. As opposed to now. Now, I\'92m a rich prick. Every noticed how the word prick invariably follows the word rich? If you\'92re rich, you have to be a prick. Same way the word schmuck always follows the word poor. If you\'92re poor, you\'92re a schmuck. Why else would you be poor? So I went from a poor schmuck to a rich prick without hardly any transition. I\'92m not that much happier as a prick than a schmuck. I can be a schmuck again. I never thought I\'92d become a prick. Neither did my friends. They said, \'93He\'92ll never be a prick.\'94 And them boom! One day, I\'92m a prick. I have all new friends, all pricks.\
So now, you know, here I am. I\'92m hosting. It\'92s all very well and good but honestly, I can\'92t wait to leave. In fact, I would say that\'92s one of the great pleasures of my life. It\'92s leaving anywhere I am. Wherever I am, I wanna get the hell out of there. Anywhere I am, it\'92s like I just had sex. I must go. I must vacate the area.\
I\'92ve also noticed now how every time I start dating, my friends always say to me, \'93Aren\'92t you concerned she\'92s only going out with you coz you have some money and you\'92re on TV?\'94 No! Why else would she go out with me? Of course that\'92s why she\'92s going out with me. That\'92s one of the benefits. That\'92s why I did this in the first place. What do you think? She has a pension for old bald men? She\'92s supposed to like me for myself? I don\'92t even like me for myself. I\'92m not a good person. I commit six of the seven deadly sins on a daily basis. The only sin I don\'92t commit is gluttony. So the nicest thing you can say about me is I\'92m not a fat pig.\
I\'92ve always been kind of thin. My parents were concerned when I was younger that I might have an eating disorder. Nothing horrifies Jews more than a kid who won\'92t eat. Oh my god, it\'92s the end of the world. They\'92d rather I\'92d shot heroin. Even if I killed someone, that would be preferable to throwing up my dinner. An eating disorder? Could you imagine? \'93Larry! Larry! What are you doing in my bathroom? Are you throwing up your dinner? Mony! He\'92s throwing up his dinner again.\'94 \'93Ah! Leave him alone, Rose. I don\'92t give a good god damn what he\'92s doing. Who throws up a brisket? Your mother made a beautiful brisket and that\'92s what you do? Well, I got news for you. You\'92re paying for that brisket, and the potato and the apple sauce, everything in that toilet bowl. I\'92m gonna wash that out.\'94\
Now, here\'92s the part where I\'92m supposed to say we have a great show for you tonight. I can\'92t say that. I love the great show. Secondly, why are there expectations? What I should be saying is, \'93Ah! The show is so-so.\'94 And if it\'92s good, you can be surprised. Anyway, the band is the 1975. 1975, which also happens to be the year I broke my masturbation record. 412 times. That\'92s not terrible. Not terrible. Anyway, we\'92ll be right back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The End]}