{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Louis C.K.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Louis C.K..\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Louis C.K. walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Louis C.K.:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Oh, stop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [audience saying something]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Um, hi! It\'92s a little early for that. Well, thank you very much for being here. This is the 40
\fs20 \super th
\fs24 \nosupersub  year of this show\'92s existence. And this is the finale. So, I\'92m very honored honestly to be asked to host this. So, thanks and I\'92m glad you guys are here. Yeah, it\'92s fine. Anyway, I was born in 1967, and so I grew up in the 70s. So, I\'92m not racist. However, I do have mild racism. It\'92s the best I can do coming out the 70s because that was a very racist decade. People said racist things all the time and nobody got offended. The only time somebody got offended if you said something racist in the 70s is when they say like, \'93Hey, you interrupted me. I was saying something racist. Why did you..?\'94\
So, I have mild racism. It\'92s benign, it\'92s not aggressive, it\'92s not even negative racism. It\'92s mild racism. I\'92ll give you the example. Okay? Like, if I go to a pizza place I\'92ve never been to before and it\'92s run by four black women, I\'92ll go like, \'93Hmm!\'94 See, it\'92s very mild! It\'92s extremely mild racism. I\'92ll notice that. \'93Hmm. You don\'92t usually see that, four black women running a pizza place.\'94 Unless it\'92s called \'91Four Black Girls\'92 Pizza\'92 or something like that. Like, that\'92s the whole point of the place. It\'92s mild.\
Here\'92s another example of mild racism. If I\'85 say I\'92m in a hospital and doctor comes in to treat me and the doctor is from China or India, I\'92ll think, \'93Well, good! Good! Good, more of that. Why not?\'94 It\'92s very mild racism.\
Here\'92s another example. If I\'92m in a gas station late at night, a young man comes in wearing a hooded sweatshirt, if he\'92s white I\'92ll think, \'93Oh, he\'92s athlete.\'94 If he\'92s black, unless he has a big smile on his face, then I\'92ll become mildly racist and this is what I think. I think, \'93That\'92s fine! Everything is fine! Nothing\'92s gonna happen. No, of course I\'92m fine. Why did I even think that for a second?\'94\
This is because I was raised in the 70s. The 70s were a very different time. The 70s, everything was different in the 70s than it is now. Except the middle east. It\'92s exactly the same. It\'92s exactly the same as it was in the 70s. It\'92s been the same fights. And you know what? It\'92s boring now. That\'92s the worst part of it! When I was a kid, we were like, [acting scared] \'93Err!\'94, but you can\'92t go like this for a thousand years. After a while, when you fight, people don\'92t care, coz when both of you just keep fighting, everybody\'92s like, \'93Those guys are dicks. They just fight.\'94 That\'92s what it\'92s like.\
You know, I have two kids and they fight sometimes. And when they first started fighting, I got concerned. I go in their room and I\'92m like, \'93Hey, what\'92s going on? What\'92s wrong? Why are we having some feelings? Can we listen to each other please? Can we please just listen to each other? Okay, you go first.\'94 Then she goes, she\'92s like, [mumbling stuffs funnily] \'93Um, yeah, that sounds hard.\'94 [mumbling stuffs funnily] \'93Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Now you. [mumbling loudly] Coz I like this one a little more, [pointing at the side where he was applying his first kid was] so I\'92m making\'96 [mumbling loudly] \'93Hmm.\'94 And they work it out. You help them work it out. But if they keep fighting, you stop dong that. After a while, you just go in their room and you just go, [yelling] \'93Hey! Shut up! You\'92re both wrong!\'94 Coz they won\'92t stop fighting. You\'92re in a family. There\'92s other people in this family and you\'92re being a couple of selfish little bitches that won\'92t fix anything. You share room. We can\'92t afford another room. So, just deal with it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Somehow, this has to do with Israel and Palestine. I know exactly. I remember how. It is coz my kids are like Israel and Palestine. And I\'92m like America. The little one\'92s like Palestine coz she always gets screwed. She always gets the worst deals. She\'92s like, \'93She threw a rock at my face.\'94 I\'92m like, \'93Your fine! Look at you, you have a great life. You take a rock on your face once in a while. You\'92re fine.\'94\
The older one is like Israel. She comes at me and says, \'93She burnt all my dolls.\'94 I\'92m like, \'93Look, I can\'92t do anything about it right now. Your sister is crazy. Please don\'92t make me talk to her. I\'92ll work it out you and me, okay? We\'92ll go out. I\'92ll buy you a really cool missile and you do whatever you do with it. Totally up to you.\
The 70s were very different. In the 70s, there was a child molester that lived in my hometown. And it wasn\'92t a big deal. It wasn\'92t like, \'93We got a child molester.\'94 It was like, \'93Yeah, that\'92s the house where the child molester lives. He lives there, kids. Don\'92t be stupid, you\'92ll get molested. Just stay away from the child molester house. I know coz he did something to me when I was your age. So, just stay away from the child molester house.\'94\
We really had a town child molester. His name was John Baptist. This is a true story. And he liked teenage boys. That\'92s when you would find out coz I was a teenage boy. He didn\'92t like me. I felt little bad. He was like, \'93Not you.\'94 He wasn\'92t into me. But he would drive up next to teenage boys and he\'92d say, \'93Hello, would you like to go to McDonald\'92s?\'94 And you\'92re like, \'93No!\'94 And he\'92s like, \'93Why? You don\'92t like McDonald\'92s?\'94 And then you\'92re trapped coz of course everybody liked McDonald\'92s in the 70s. And then I had one friend who used to get in the car. He\'92d be like, \'93Sure, I\'92ll go.\'94 And he\'92d get in the car, go to the McDonald\'92s and eat a burger, and then he\'92d say, \'93See ya!\'94 and just take off! And John Baptist was like, [facepalm] \'93Argh! I did not get to have sex with that child. I failed again.\'94 But he\'92d always try. \'93Mmm-maybe this time.\'94\
Because child molesters are very tortious people. They love molesting child! It\'92s crazy! It\'92s like their favorite thing. I mean when you \'97 it\'92s so crazy coz when you consider the risk in being a child molester, speaking not of even the damage you\'92re doing, but the risk. There\'92s no worse life available to a human than being a caught child molester. And yet, they still do it. Which from you can only really surmize, that it must be really good! I mean from their point of view. Not ours, but from their point of view. It must be amazing, for them to risk so much!\
I didn\'92t think\'96 My last show probably.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[audience laughing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Because\'96 Look, I can\'92t key into it because I love Mount\'92s bars. I love mount\'92s bars. It\'92s my favorite thing, right? But there\'92s a limit. I mean, I can\'92t even eat a Mount\'92s bar and do something else at the same time. That\'92s how much I love them. Like, if I\'92m eating a Mount\'92s bar, I can\'92t read the paper like, [acting as if he\'92s reading the paper]. I have to just sit there with it in my mouth and go like, \'93Why is this so good? I love this so much.\'94 And because they are delicious. And yet, if somebody said to me, \'93If you eat another Mount\'92s bar, you\'92ll go to jail and everybody will hate you\'94, I would stop eating them. Because they do taste delicious, but they don\'92t taste as good as as a young boy does, and shouldn\'92t\'96 to a child molester! Not to me! Not to us! Coz we\'92re all awesome.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [breathes out]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Alright, we did it. We got through. We got a great show tonight! Rihanna is here. So, stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]}