{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Louis C.K.\
[Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Louis C.K..\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Louis C.K. walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Louis C.K.:
\f0\b0  Yes. Yes. that\'92s right. That\'92s right. That\'92s appropriate. Here\'92s a joke. Why did the chicken cross the road? Coz there was a black guy walking behind him and he was nervous. He was new to the city, this chicken, and he was like, \'93I feel like he is following me. But I\'92m not sure.\'94 But then he thought, \'93Maybe if I cross the road, then if he crosses the road, he\'92s definitely following me.\'94 So he crossed the road. And the black guy went home. He\'92s just living his life. And the chicken was like, \'93I\'92m such a racist.\'94 He felt bad. But about a month later, a black guy ate the chicken. Different black guy. I\'92m just telling you what happened. Wait, wait. Don\'92t be upset coz this is not a racist joke. This joke is not racist. The chicken was racist. The chicken was definitely racist. But that\'92s chickens. Chickens are very closed down, sort of suspicious and prejudice. You kind of can\'92t blame them considering that their species murder rate is 100%. That\'92s why chickens are like, [looking around suspiciously] . there\'92s no friendly chickens. You can feed the same chicken every day. He\'92s like, \'93I\'92m not coming over there, you black son of a bitch. I know what you want! I\'92m not your soup yet, you jew.\'94\
I like animals. I like thinking about animals. I like wondering what animals are thinking. Nobody knows what any animal thinks. You can ask an animal any question and the conversation is over. I wonder if\'96 the giraffe. The giraffes\'96 Are giraffes up there going, [freaking out] \'93Whoa! It\'92s too high! Hey, horse! Horse!\'94 \'93What, man?\'94 \'93Look at this. It\'92s crazy.\'94 \'93Yeah, your\'92e a giraffe.\'94 \'93Yeah, but look at my neck.\'94 \'93Phrr.\'94 That\'92s why horses make that noise. If you\'92re near a horse, and he does that, that\'92s because you suck.\
Does a moose look different when it\'92s surprised? Did you see a moose? They always have this, [looking around with eyes wide open]. I saw a moose once in person, or in moose. Maybe I was projecting because I was like, \'93Oh, my god! It\'92s a moose.\'94 And he looked like he was going. \'93Oh my god! I\'92m a moose!\'94 Every moose looks like a dude who just got turned into a moose before you looked at him.\
I\'92m thinking of buying a goat. I\'92m thinking of buying a goat because I want to have a trash can that I can make love to. So that\'92s why I\'92m going to buy a goat. So I can have sex with a trash can. I can do that with a trash can I have now but a goat has a vagina. That makes it a lot better. [crowed disgusted] I don\'92t care that your\'92e upset. I\'92m still getting the goat.\
I love doing this. This is my favorite thing to do, standup comedy. I have been doing this for 32 years now. [cheers and applause] And it\'92s been\'96 32 years. And it\'92s been going great for four years. Four years, it has been great. 28 years, I struggled. But you know what? I was happy then too. I was always happy when I was struggling coz when your life sucks, it just sucks. You don\'92t expect anything else. When your life gets good, you start expecting it till you get unhappy. This is what happens. Like, now I stay in beautiful 5-star hotels and I\'92m miserable. I used to stay in motels. Not even like a nice motels with like, name Motel 6. I stayed in just Motel. Not even a name. Like they built it and one guy\'92s like, \'93What should we name it?\'94 And the other guys is like, \'93What? Last time you took a dump, did you name it?\'94\
You know those motels that are right on the highway where you ride by and you\'92re like, \'93Who is inside of that?\'94 It\'92s right on the highway. Literally, you open the door and there\'92s a truck. And when you\'96 There\'92s a little shower, and as soon as you get in the shower, you\'92re dirtier now. They give you a little soap and you have to peel off the paper, and then it just makes a rash. You can write your name in a skin disease with the soap. And there\'92s always two beds and one bed has a big pool of sperm right in the middle of it. I don\'92t know why. Big deep pool with a current. Hide tide in the sperm pool! Where\'92s the boats?\
I stayed in place like that for years and I was happy. Because what are you going to do? Complain to the motel? What are you gonna do? Call the front desk in a motel? \'93I want to speak to the manager.\'94 \'93Well, he\'92s dead. Somebody duck taped him to a chair and shot him in the head because he owed him $15. Now I stay at beautiful 5-star hotels and I\'92 miserable, I\'92m always upset. First of all, I don\'92t like them. I\'92m not used to it. I don\'92t like the fanciness.\'a0 I don\'92t like that they tie your bathrobe into a swan that we have to dismantle. And I don\'92t like it when you call room service, they have to say a long flowery \'91hello\'92 before you get to talk about food. This is how they answer the phone at room service at fancy hotel like, \'93Hello [gibberish].\'94 I hate it! I never let them. I call them, they\'92re like, \'93Hello\'96\'93. \'93Stop. Stop. Stop. Coffee. Don\'92t read it back.\'94 I\'92m mean.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Also, if you stay in fancy hotels, you get used to it so you start getting upset when things aren\'92t perfect. Like, one time, my laundry wasn\'92t there. I had laundry. I was waiting for it. So I called housekeeping. Now they don\'92t answer the phone all fancy at housekeeping. This is how she answers the phone. She goes, \'93Hello?\'94 and I actually said this to her. I said, \'93Do you want to try that again?\'94 Yes, I\'92m letting you know about me. That\'92s what I said. \'93Did I reach you on your personal phone today?\'94 So she says, \'93What do you need, sir?\'94 And I said, \'93Well, I don\'92t have my laundry. And I gave it to you.\'94 She said, \'93You didn\'92t give it to me.\'94 I was like, \'93Oh my god, I\'92m so excited, coz I get to be really mad.\'94 I said, \'93I gave it to your department and I was promised\'96\'93, like it\'92s in the constitution that you get your laundry. \'93I was promised I\'92d have it in 24 hours and it\'92s been longer.\'94 She said, \'93What do you want me to do about it?\'94 So, I got really mad. I said, \'93Listen, ma\'92am. First of all, you can hear in my voice that I\'92m white.\'94 [crowd responding negatively] By the way, I\'92ll defend that right now. I will defend that. Because look, it\'92s wrong that white people get preferential treatment. It\'92s wrong. But as long as they do, what\'92s going on at this hotel? I\'92m supposed to get the best. Because I\'92m white\'85 which is awful and wrong, but where is it right now?\
So she got sick of me and she says, \'93Do you want to speak to manager?\'94 I said yes. So the manager comes on, \'93Hello, Ned speaking. [gibberish]\'94 I said, \'93I\'92m very upset!\'94 He was like, \'93Oh! I\'92m so white sorry white sir. What white happened today?\'94 I said, \'93I don\'92t have my laundry.\'94 He was like, [freaking out] \'93Ah!\'94 He said, \'93I will conduct an investigation.\'94 I was like, \'93Yes! That\'92s a very white thing to do. I want a white investigation with my laundry!\'94 So he said, \'93I will call you back in five minutes or less.\'94 Hmm. So, I was waiting in my room like, [laughing proudly]. The manager calls me back and he says, \'93Sir, I looked into the matter and I do need to ask you one question. Are you certain that you gave us laundry?\'94 And as soon as he said that, I was like, \'93I did not give you.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We have a great show tonight. The Chainsmokers are here. So stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
}