{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Matthew McConaughey\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, 1.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [1 walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Matthew McConaughey:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. It\'92s great to be here. Welcome to the zoo, we are the monkeys. It has been 14 years since I did this show. And I gotta tell ya, I did not remember how much work it is. Seriously. We\'92ve been doing 16 hours a day for last six days for just getting ready. Not that we are actually ready coz I promise you we are not. But you know what? I appreciate everything, tonight\'92s gonna go okay, okay, okay. [Teases his famous phrase \'93Alright, alright, alright\'94.] That\'92s not what you thought I was gonna say, was it?\
Alright, well let me tell you the origin story of the phrase you thought I was gonna say. This is title of the right bar at the right time. It\'92s 1992, I\'92m in Austin, Texas in college. Not even thinking about being an actor at this point. I go to this bar where I get introduced to this producer. This producer and I started talking and four hours later we get kicked out of the so said bar. On the taxi ride home, he asked me, he says, \'93Hey McConaughey, you ever done any acting?\'94 I say, \'93Well, no. Not really.\'94 He says, \'93I\'92m doing this movie and you might be right for this part.\'94 Sure enough, I wake up the next morning, I go pick up the script. It\'92s called \'91Dazed and Confused\'92. My character David Wooderson, he has three lines in the entire film. But one of those lines is what I\'92d like to call a launchpad line. What do I mean by that? Launchpad line is a line that if the character really believes it then I can feel like I can write a whole book on this character. The scene goes like this. Wooderson\'92s hanging out at a pool hall with some buddies and these girls walk by, he smacks one of them on the ass. His buddy says, \'93You\'92re gonna go to jail for that Woodman.\'94 Wooderson says, \'93Nah. That\'92s what I love about those high school girls man. I get older but they stay the same age.\'94 Right?\
So, I get called into this wardrobe make out test on the set. I\'92m not supposed to work but I get called in for it. The director comes up to me, Richard Linklater says, \'93Oh my god. You look great. This is Wooderson. This is exactly who I hoped he\'92d be.\'94 He says, \'93Listen. We\'92re doing this drive through scene tonight and I know you\'92re not supposed to work but you think Wooderson might be picking up on the red headed intellectual? He has already been with the cheerleader and the typically hot girls. What about the red headed intellectual?\'94 I said, \'93Sure he would, man. Wooderson loves all kinds of women.\'94 Then he goes, \'93Hey, you wanna shoot it?\'94 Next thing I know, I\'92m in a car getting ready to shoot the very first scene of my film acting career unscripted. Am I nervous? Damn right I\'92m nervous. So, I\'92m starting to think. Who is Wooderson? Who is my man? You know, what\'92s he about? I had to tell myself Wooderson\'92s about four things. He\'92s about cars, weed, rock n\'92 roll and chicks. I look around where I am. Well, I\'92m in my 70s chevette, that\'92s one. I got a Slator riding shotgun so I\'92m definitely getting high, that\'92s two. And we got Ted Nugent playing Stranglehold on the A track, well that\'92s three. At this point, I hear over the intercom, \'93Action!\'94 And I look up across the drive through and there\'92s red headed intellectual. And I say to myself, \'93Buddy, you got a three out of four\'94 \'85 alright, alright, alright.\
We got a great show for you tonight. Adele is here. Yes, she\'92s alright. Stick around, we\'92re coming right back.\
}