{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Miley Cyrus\
Rachel Dolezal\'85 Venessa Bayer\
Dentist\'85 Taran Killam\
Kim Davis\'85 Aidy Bryant\
Twerp\'85 Kate McKinnon\
Pizza rat\'85 Kenan Thompson\
Meek Mill\'85 Michael Che\
Drake appear\'85 Jay Pharoah\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Miley Cyrus.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Miley Cyrus walks in and to the stage. She is wearing a dress with many colorful flowers on it.] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Miley Cyrus:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you very much. It is so great to be here hosting the season premiere of Saturday Night Live. I love hosting this show because it\'92s live. So, my parents know where I am for at least 90 minutes. And although tonight, I am on a seven second delay, not a television delay, it\'92s just when you smoke as much as I do, you\'92re always on a seven second delay. And, while I\'92m excited to be here, I\'92m also kind of sad because it feels like the summer of 2015 has officially come to an end.[music playing] And with that in mind, I\'92d like to take a moment to say goodbye, to all of those who made this summer what it was. [someone hands over a mic to Miley Cyrus] And while we never thing of any of these people ever, ever again, they certainly did this summer their way.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [singing] A
\f2\i nd now, the end is near\
I\'92m so afraid, the final curtain\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Rachel Dolezal \'91Claimed to be black for twenty years\'92 at right side]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 my friend, I\'92ll say it clear\uc0\u8232 I\'92ll take my case of which I am certain
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The dentist who killed Cecil the Lion at left side]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I believe life is full\uc0\u8232 I travel each and every highway
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Kim Davis appears at right side]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 The more, slowing this\uc0\u8232 I did it my way\u8232 regrets, I\'92ve had a few\u8232 but then I get, too few to mention
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [\'91That twerp who raised the price of AIDS medication\'92 at the right side]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I did what I had to do\uc0\u8232 and saw it through without redemption
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Pizza rat appears at the right side]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 I played each journey
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Meek Mill and Drake beef at left side]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 and each and every step out of my way
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [\'91Lenny Cravitz\'92s Junk\'92 at right side. Kim Davis is walking behind him with her arms raised.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 and all of this, I did it my way\uc0\u8232 yes, there were times\u8232 I\'92m so, you knew,\u8232 we know how I bit on\u8232 more than I could chew\u8232 but through it all\u8232 I did it all
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Everybody comes to the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Thank you. Thank you so much. We\'92ve got a great show for you tonight. I\'92m here. So, stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
}