{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Octavia Spencer\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Octavia Spencer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Octavia Spencer walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Octavia Spencer:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. It\'92s so great to be hosting \'91Saturday Night Live\'92! It\'92s a dream come true to be here. No, really. I have spent the last four months of my life at award shows doing interviews and walking red carpets, so this is my first real night out of my spanx. Just kidding, I\'92m still wearing spanx. And by the way, did you all watch the Oscars? [cheers and applause] I mean, how insane was that? How crazy was it that I didn\'92t win? Oh, look, but I mean it when I say it, it truly is an honor to be nominated because \'97 for a good part of my career, I pretty much just played nurses. I played a nurse 16 times. I did it so many times that when I played a maid, they gave me an Oscar. I guess I have what Hollywood calls \'91resting nurse face\'92. For example, I played nurse that had it. [Grounded for life] A nurse that had it up to here. [Red band society] And a nurse that had it so bad, this happened. [Halloween II] Yeah, she got stabbed bad. So, after all that, it was so wonderful to play a NASA mathematician like I do in \'91Hidden Figures\'92. People have been so kin to me about that movie. So many people have been coming up to me saying, \'93I love Hidden Fences.\'94 And I say, \'93No, I was in Hidden Figures.\'94 I mean, I get it, I get it. There were three black movies at the Oscars this year, and that\'92s a lot for America. If you were going to get confused anyway, I thought I might as well make some money off of it. That\'92s why, I produced \'91Hidden Fence Light.\'92 It\'92s the story of three black women who send an introspective gay boy to build a fence on the moon.\
Oh, we\'92ve got a great show for you tonight. Father John Misty is here. So, stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
}