{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ronda Rousey\
Chad\'85 Beck Bennett\
Marc\'85 Taran Killam\
Coach\'85 Kenan Thompson\
Kyle Mooney\
Justin Bieber\'85 Kate McKinnon\
Selena Gomez\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Ronda Rousey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Ronda Rousey walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. And thank you for coming out even though there\'92s two feet of snow on the ground. They\'92ve closed Broadway. They\'92ve closed movie theatres. Even closed all the bars. Such a night, we\'92re literally the only show in town. I\'92m so excited to be here because its the first time I\'92ll be live on television without getting punched in the face. It\'92s also the first time I\'92m talking to my fans since I lost to Holly Holm in November which by the way was a fight Holly deserved to win. And I just want to take a minute to sincerely congratulate her. [a short applause by audience] That\'92s enough! All those who are worried that I\'92m not ready to host this show because I\'92ve been brain damaged, relax! I\'92m good. Besides, everything I need is on cue cards.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Cut to cue card. The cue card says \'93Your name is Ronda Rousey.\'94]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 But in all seriousness, I\'92m fine and tonight I\'92m ready to crush it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [UFC bell rings and Ronda Rousey walks to the corner.] [Cut to Chad and Marc]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chad:
\f0\b0  And that\'92s the end of the first round of monologue.\

\f1\b Marc:
\f0\b0  Ronda Rousey is off to a great start, don\'92t you think Chad?\

\f1\b Chad:
\f0\b0  I do, Marc. She\'92s warm yet funny. I like her chances tonight.\

\f1\b Marc:
\f0\b0  I mean, look at the funk as she prepares for next round.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Ronda Rousey and Coach. Coach his her coach.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Coach:
\f0\b0  Okay Ronda Baby. The crowd is with you. Now it\'92s time to really get them to make some noise.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  How am I supposed to do that, coach?\

\f1\b Coach:
\f0\b0  Well, you got to throw out some applause line. You know, stuff that they really cheer for.\

\f1\b Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  Isn\'92t that kind of cheap?\

\f1\b Coach:
\f0\b0  Do you wanna win this monologue or not? Now get your butt out there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [UFC bell rings and Ronda Rousey walks back to the monologue stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  Sorry buddy. How does it feel to be in New York city?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause] [Cut to Coach nodding his head proudly.] [Cut to Ronda Rousey]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 And how about this, who here likes cake?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[audience whooping] [Cut to Chad and Marc]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Marc:
\f0\b0  Oh! What a move going with cake.\

\f1\b Chad:
\f0\b0  Everybody loves cake Marc and Ronda knows that\

\f1\b Marc:
\f0\b0  Oh, looks like she\'92s getting ready for another joke.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Ronda Rousey]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  So, what\'92s up with this wonder-storm, huh?\

\f1\b Chad:
\f0\b0  There\'92s the set up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  I haven\'92t seen this many flakes since I joined tinder.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Kyle in the audience looking sad]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Marc:
\f0\b0  Oh no. And a rare misstep for Ronda. Clearly some of our audience used Tinder.\

\f1\b Chad:
\f0\b0  That one took a lot out of her.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Coach comforting Ronda Rousey]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  I don\'92t know. I don\'92t know if I can keep going coach. I\'92m so tired.\

\f1\b Coach:
\f0\b0  Well, you sleep there in Update. But right now, it\'92s time for a sure thing. Why don\'92t you hit them with a little bit of Kate McKinnon as Justin Bieber?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  But Justin Bieber isn\'92t even the news right now.\

\f1\b Coach:
\f0\b0  Don\'92t nobody care about that. Now go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [UFC bell rings and Ronda Rousey walks back to the monologue stage] [Kate McKinnon as Justin Bieber walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Justin Bieber:\'a0
\f0\b0 Hey girl, you\'92re not the only one who\'92s got quick moves. Watch me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Justin Bieber is jumping around]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Try and pop me. I bet you can\'92t pop me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Ronda Rousey slaps Justin Bieber]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Ow! She hit me. And now I got a boo-boo girl.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Cut to Chad and Marc]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chad:
\f0\b0  Wow, and Ronda\'92s back with an assist by Bieber.\

\f1\b Marc:
\f0\b0  You know Chad, she\'92s gonna be asking by self will she join the ranks of all time champions Steve Martin?\

\f1\b Chad:
\f0\b0  It all depends on this final round.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [UFC bell rings and Ronda Rousey walks back to the monologue stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What\'92s this? Can it be a song?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music stars playing. SNL cast members join Ronda Rousey as back up dancers.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Marc:
\f0\b0  Oh! Look at this. The cast is joining her in.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Chad and Marc]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Oh my god! They\'92ve even given the audience cake.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Kyle eating cake and laughing at the audience.] [Cut to Chad and Marc]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Unbelievable. I didn\'92t know that Ronda could sing, Chad!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  I can\'92t. Ladies and gentlemen, Selena Gomez.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Selena Gomez walks in] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Chad:
\f0\b0  Oh my god! What a move. And Ronda Rousey has won the monologue.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [UFC bell rings]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Selena Gomez:\'a0
\f0\b0 [singing]\'a0
\f2\i When you\'92re ready come and get it.
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b All:\'a0
\f2\i\b0 Na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Selena Gomez:\'a0
\f2\i\b0 [singing]\'a0When you\'92re ready come and get it.
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b All:
\f2\i\b0 Na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Ronda Rousey:
\f0\b0  We\'92ve got a great show for you tonight. Selena Gomez is here. Stick around and we\'92ll be right back\
}