{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Russell Crowe\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Russell Crowe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Russell Crowe walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Russell Crowe:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. It\'92s so great to finally be here hosting Saturday Night Live. My friends and family are watching the show from Sydney. They are 14 hours ahead and they\'92re already telling the show was great. I\'92ve got a new movie coming out, May 20
\fs20 \super th
\fs24 \nosupersub . It\'92s called Nice Guys. My co-star is a beautiful young woman name Ryan Gosling. Gosling actually inspired me to do this show. I watched him host in December and I was like, \'93Wow! Anyone can do that.\'94 So, here I am. I feel very at home hosting Saturday Night Live because of course, of my very long career now in comedy. I\'92ve starred in so many historical movies over the years. Here\'92s a scene from one you may remember.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to a fight scene from the show \'91Spartacus\'92] [Cut back to Russell Crowe]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 That cracks me up every time I see that because two swords, right? Could have got the job done with one. But I had to\'96 I mean, you know. Not to mention, I was wearing a dress. Probably the funniest movie I did though was about this real goof bald teacher and his wacky ideas. I wanted to call it \'91The Nerdy Professor\'92. But that title was apparently taken. They went with \'91The Beautiful Mind\'92. There\'92s a great shuttle humor in there. Take a look.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to a scene from \'91The Beautiful Mind\'92 where he is reading the numbers at the board and making sense of it.] [Cut back to Russell Crowe]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Did you catch it? Did you see that one? Take another look. Take another look.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to the last number that he finds in the movie. The number is 80085, that reads like \'91Boobs\'92.] [Cut back to Russell Crowe]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 That looks a lot like the word \'91boobs\'92. Right? Funny stuff, man! Funny stuff. You see, here\'92s the problem. Because I\'92m so well known for doing comedies, that even when I do a dramatic part, people still wanna laugh. What can I say, it is a gift.\
We\'92ve got a great show for you tonight. The amazing Margo Price is here. So, stick around and we\'92ll be right back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The End]\
}