{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tom Hanks\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:\'a0
\f0\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, Tom Hanks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Tom Hanks walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Tom Hanks:
\f0\b0  Alright, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Yes, I\'92m Tom Hanks. It\'92s something to be hosting SNL for the 9th time. Hah? Whoa! Whoa! This has been a dream of mine ever since I hosted for the 8th time. You know, magazine cover recently called me \'91America\'92s Dad\'92. [Tom Hanks opens his coat] And I would have preferred \'91sexiest man alive\'92, but I will take it. Anyhow, America is feeling a little nervous these days. [Tom Hanks puts on an old man sweater] And I\'92m a responsible father. So I thought, maybe it\'92s time we had a little chat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Tom Hanks sits and starts having a dad talk]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Hey buddy, there is my big grown nation. How you doing, champ? So, rough year, huh? Yeah, I hear you. You got a lot going on inside you. You\'92re feeling anxious and conflicted and you\'92re scared about what\'92s going to happen next. Well, you are going to be fine. Remember when you went through that depression? This is nothing. You\'92re just growing up and you\'92re in an awkward phase. For example, you may have noticed that your complexion is changing. You\'92re getting a little darker and you\'92re freaking out about it? But that\'92s natural for a nation of immigrants like yourself. Also, you\'92re a lot gayer than you used to be. And that is cool. That is trill. It\'92s fleek, whatever that means.\
So, how you doing? You okay with money? Really? Coz I heard you\'92re in some debt. I\'92d like to help you out but if I do, you\'92re never gonna learn. Also, I don\'92t have $19 trillion. I have $230 million.\
Something else I wanna talk to you about. You got a lot of guns, kiddo. You need all those guns? Alright! Alright! I don\'92t wanna have that fight again. Alright? Let\'92s just drop, you know, drop the gun.\
Hey, one thing you should know, we can smell it. The weed. It\'92s like you\'92re not even trying to hide it anymore. But don\'92t worry, I won\'92t tell your mom because it don\'92t need to because she can smell it too.\
Look, all I came in here to say is you are great. I know some people say China is better than you. Sure, you know, China might be popular right now. People don\'92t understand how hard it is to be you. I mean, you got a summer birthday, that\'92s always tough.\
Also, you know, you were so dang creative. Think of everything you have done. You went to the moon. You invented the internet. You created a canon that shoots t-shirts. Alright, alright, I\'92m gonna get out of your hair. You got a big decision the next couple of weeks. But I know you\'92re gonna make the right choice. As long as you think from here [pointing the brain] and here [pointing the heart] , and not so much down there. And no matter what happens, I\'92m proud of you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Now, enough of the sulking. I want you to pick yourself up, get yourself off and go show the world what else you can stuff inside a pizza crust. Pound it! Oh, that\'92s my man!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Tom Hanks gets back to the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 That kid is gonna be fine because that kid is a Hanks. We got a great show. Lady Gaga is here. Stick around. We will be right back.\
}