{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tracy Morgan\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro.] [band is playing music one the stage]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Tracy Morgan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Tracy Morgan walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Tracy Morgan:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Na, I\'92m just playing. Y\'92all thought for a minute that was real. But I\'92m back. It feels so good to be here. You may have seen on the news, I was in a trouble car accident a year ago. It was awful. But also showed me how much love and support I have in this world. So, a couple of months ago I called Lorne Michaels. He\'92s my co-obi-one-knobi. And I said, \'93Lorne, when I get back on my feet I wanna come home.\'94 And here I am.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yo, ay! People were wondering, \'93Can he speak? Does he have 100% mental capacity?\'94 But the truth is I never did. I might actually be a few points higher now. I\'92m so lucky I have my comedy family. When this happened, I knew they would all be there to support me. Now, I already knew how much they cared about me. From a very special episode of 30 Rock where my character Tracy Jordan almost died. Take a look at this episode from 2012. It was pathetic. See? I know the word pathetic. My brain works! Anyway, take a look.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Alec talking on the phone. The video is marked as \'91Original Air Date October 3, 2012\'92]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Alec:\'a0
\f0\b0 Thank you doctor. Keep us posted. Bad news, that was my good friend doctor Rand Paul. He says that Tracy technically died for seven minutes after trying to non artificially inseminate his box jellyfish. We don\'92t know if he\'92s gonna make it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Tina Fey, Jane Krakowski and Jack McBrayer looking at Alec. They all look concerned.] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Tina:\'a0
\f0\b0 I mean, who would have thought that Tracy\'92s disgusting fantasies and his love exotic marine life would combine in such a tragic way.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Alec]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Alec:
\f0\b0  Well, we all did, Lemon. That\'92s why we have an insurance policy that covers his penis being eaten by an arowana.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Tina Fey and Jane Krakowski]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Jane:\'a0
\f0\b0 I hope Tracy pulls through this. He told me he was gonna get me backstage at the Grammy\'92s to meet Skrillex and Psy. [looking at the camera] Remember, this is 2012.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Jack McBrayer.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Jack:\'a0
\f0\b0 Oh! Mr. Jordan has got to get better. Who\'92s gonna teach me to drink Hennessy until I throw up on the Knicks. Who\'92s gonna remind me to expose myself to dogs to show them who is the alpha?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Cut to Alec]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Alec:\'a0
\f0\b0 Well, okay, that\'92s to think about the loss. It\'92s only when someone or something is taken away from you that you realize how much you really missed it. And even things that seem silly and ridiculous at the time can leave a profound sense of loss when they\'92re gone. As my friend Kwotonomous Barlin once said\'96\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Tracy walks in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Tracy:\'a0
\f0\b0 Boring!\

\f1\b Alec:\'a0
\f0\b0 Good god! Tracy!\

\f1\b Tracy:\'a0
\f0\b0 I\'92m black and better than ever.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jack gets in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Jack:\'a0
\f0\b0 Jordan, you\'92re alive! Oh, let me smell your sour ears.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Jane Krakowski gets in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Jane:\'a0
\f0\b0 Tracy, I\'92m so happy that you\'92re alive. And if you receive any kind of insurance settlement because of this, I may also be in love with you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Tracy:\'a0
\f0\b0 I love you too tiny Butt Jones. And I won\'92t miss any more shows, Jackie D. I learned my lesson. Animals that are beautiful and very sexual are not here for our amusement. And I promise you, I\'92ll never do stupid stuff again.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Alec and Jack]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Alec:\'a0
\f0\b0 Well, thank you Tracy. But I gotta be honest, I was so worried that you weren\'92t going to make it. But you may find a cake that says, \'93Welcome, Cedric the Entertainer\'94 in your dressing room.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Tina]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Tina:\'a0
\f0\b0 And I just wanna say one last thing Tracy, from the heart, and this part is no joke. We\'92re so happy that you\'92re okay. We\'92re even happier that you\'92re ready to make people laugh again. Are those SMASH people under me? [SMASH show ad is under her] [Cut to Tracy Morgan at the SNL monologue stage]\

\f1\b Tracy Morgan:\'a0
\f0\b0 As you can see, everything is going to be just fine. I got my family here, my cast, my crew and I\'92ve got my obi-one-knobi Lorne Michaels. So, let\'92s be funny. Everybody get up here, y\'92all!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Alec Baldwin, Tina Fey, Jane Krakowski and Jack McBrayer walk in]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We\'92ve got a great show for you. Demi Lovato is here. So stick around, we will be right back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [cheers and applause]}