{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Woody Harrelson\
Liam Hemsworth\
Josh Hutcherson\
Jennifer Lawrence\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Starts with SNL monologue intro]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Announcer:
\f0\b0  Ladies and gentlemen, Woody Harrelson.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [The band is playing music] [1 walks in and to the stage.] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Woody Harrelson:
\f0\b0  Thank you. Thank you. It\'92s so great to be standing here. In fact, there\'92s 25 years almost to the day since the first time I hosted Saturday Night Live in 1989. I just heard Taylor Swift album which is called 1989. But with all due respect to miss Swift, I think I know a little bit more about 1989 than she does.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Someone hands over Woody Harrelson a guitar]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Ah! Thank you. Even if the memories are a little fuzzy, because of the drugs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Woody Harrelson starts playing guitar and singing like the song \'91Blank Space\'92]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Seemed like it would last forever\uc0\u8232 1989\u8232 The Berlin Wall fell down\u8232 Cher sang Turn Back Time\u8232 Michael Keaton, he was Batman\u8232 I\'92m not sure who was president\u8232 I think I had a molly\u8232 After that I just forget\u8232 Oh, wait! I remember\u8232 I was on a show called Cheers\u8232 Then I won an Emmy\u8232 then got drunk on million beers\u8232 thought I met Margaret Thatcher\u8232 but it was Sadam Hussain\u8232 then I got a blank space baby\u8232 coz I used to do cocaine
\f0\i0 \
This is a little bit, you know, I mean it was 1989. Wow!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[2 and 3 walk in and hug Woody Harrelson] [cheers and applause]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Hey man! Last man in year. I haven\'92t seen you guys since\'96 what was that\'96 we did that thing together. What was..\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 3:
\f0\b0  The Hunger Games, man!\

\f1\b Speaker 2:
\f0\b0  Hunger Games.\

\f1\b Woody Harrelson:
\f0\b0  Oh, yeah, yeah! You guys here to help me sing the Taylor Swift song about it? 1989?\

\f1\b Speaker 3:
\f0\b0  Well, actually, we weren\'92t even alive in 1989.\

\f1\b Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  What? How old are you guys?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 2:
\f0\b0  Well, I\'92m Twentyfour. He\'92s twentwo.\

\f1\b Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  Oh, my god! I thought you guys were like, in your early fourtys.\

\f1\b Speaker 3:
\f0\b0  No, we just know the stuffs you told us about 1989. Like, the Berlin Wall was torn down by the Kool-Aid Man.\

\f1\b Speaker 2:
\f0\b0  Einstein invented wifi.\

\f1\b Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  [laughing] I told you that in 1989, Einstein invented wifi? That is crazy.\

\f1\b Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  Guys. [4 walks in] [cheers and applause]\

\f1\b Woody Harrelson:
\f0\b0  Oh, my god!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
[Woody Harrelson hugs 4\'92s leg]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  What\'92s happening?\

\f1\b Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  I can\'92t believe. I mean, the real Taylor Swift. [audience laughing]\

\f1\b Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  Woody, I\'92m not Taylor Swift.\

\f1\b Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  Hah?\

\f1\b Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  I\'92m Jennifer. We\'92ve done about ten Hunger Games movies together.\

\f1\b Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  So, yeah. I didn\'92t recognize you without the big purple hair.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 2:
\f0\b0  No, no, no! Woody, that\'92s no\'96\

\f1\b Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  Not worth it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Woody Harrelson and 4]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  So, you gonna help me sing this, Jen? Or what?\

\f1\b Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  I don\'92t really think anyone wants to hear me sing. [cheers and applause] No! No! I wasn\'92t saying that to get your support. I don\'92t care. Just, when I sing, I sound like a deer that has been caught in a fence.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to 2 and 3]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 2:
\f0\b0  I would say it\'92s more like a dog being hit by a truck.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 3:
\f0\b0  Well, like one of those goat that screams like a human. [3 screams] [Cut to everybody]\

\f1\b Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  I think I get the point. Yes. Woody, if you wanna sing about 89 and you don\'92t remember the details, just, you know, keep it vague.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Woody Harrelson and 4]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Yeah! It\'92s like you always say. \'93Hey, man! You always over think it. You just gotta [blabbers].\'94 You\'92re always so stoned.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to everybody]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 1:
\f0\b0  That does sound like a great advice. Okay. Two, three, four\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [music playing]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 89 is forever\uc0\u8232 never, it will never die
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [2 and 3 sing backup harmony]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 there was probably a winter\uc0\u8232 there was also 4th of July
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Everybody:\'a0
\f2\i\b0 Everybody had a birthday\uc0\u8232 England probably had a queen\u8232 Now it\'92s twentyfive years later
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Woody Harrelson:
\f0\b0 \'a0 
\f2\i The year, twentysixteen.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to Woody Harrelson and 4]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Speaker 4:
\f0\b0  twentysixteen, huh?\

\f1\b Woody Harrelson:\'a0
\f0\b0 Oh! This is so silly. I\'92m telling you guys, I smoked a lot of herb before I came here tonight.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [Cut to everybody]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Alright, we got a great show tonight. Kendrick Lamar is here. Stick around and we will be right back. .\
}